{"data": [{"title": "\n\nThe film opens where the previous film ended, se", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens where the previous film ended, set a few years later, where Rafiki (Robert Guillaume) gathers the animals of the Pride Lands together for the presentation of Simba (Matthew Broderick) and Nalas (Moira Kelly) new daughter Kiara. Mufasa's spirit (James Earl Jones) watches over the ceremony. Later, Simba becomes very overprotective of an older Kiara (Michelle Horn), assigning Timon and Pumbaa (Nathan Lane and Ernie Sabella) to watch her. One day as Kiara was playing, she fell into a small pond as Timon and Pumbba got her back onto land. Kiara tells them only half of her is a princess. Pumbba asks, \"Well, who's the other half?\" While they wait for her to answer, they start having a snack. Then they started arguing about slimy and crunchy grubs. While they were arguing, Kiara sneaks into the \"Outlands\" where she meets a young cub named Kovu (Ryan O'Donohue). After escaping a river filled with nile crocodiles, the two become friendly, unaware they are being watched by Kovu's mother, Zira (Suzanne Pleshette).\nSimba arrives and confronts Zira, who reminds Simba that he exiled the Outsiders, and that if he wants to punish them, Kovu is Scar's hand-chosen successor. Unwilling to harm the cub, Simba orders them to leave. Later Simba scolds Kiara for endangering herself. In the Outlands, Zira's eldest son, Nuka (Andy Dick), complains to his younger sister Vitani (Lacey Chabert) about Kovu's status as \"the Chosen One\" the cub chosen by Scar to lead the pride after his death. (\"I should've been the \"Chosen One\". I'm the strongest, I'm the smartest, I'm the oldest, etc.\") At that moment, Zira returns and scolds both of her sons, but Kovu accidentally gives her the idea to use Kovu's new friendship with Kiara as a means of exacting her revenge on Simba for Scar's death.\nNow an adult, Kiara (Neve Campbell) heads out from home for her first solo hunt, however Simba again sends Timon and Pumbaa to follow and watch her progress after he promised to let Kiara hunt on her own. Furious to find out her father still insists on maintaining surveillance, Kiara goes further from home to hunt, though is still unsuccessful in her efforts. Meanwhile, Zira's plan to implant Kovu in Simba's pride has been set in motion; Nuka and Vitani (Jennifer Lien) set fire to the plains where Kiara is hunting, causing her to faint and giving Kovu (Jason Marsden) the chance to rescue her. Drawn by the smoke, Simba finds them together and reluctantly accepts Kovu's request to come to Pride Rock in return for saving Kiara's life, though he forces Kovu to sleep outside. That same night, Simba has a nightmare about his father's death, where Scar suddenly morphs into Kovu and Simba takes his father's place falling off the cliff.\nThe next morning, he goes outside to a watering hole where Kovu contemplates attacking him, but Kiara interrupts and they go off together so Kovu can help her learn how to hunt. Kiara kept on failing. During the lesson, Kovu was setting an example for Kiara, thinking Timon was just an ordinary meerkat. They run into Timon and Pumbaa struggling with some birds, so the two lions help them chase the birds off. Together, they have fun playing, something Kovu notes he has never experienced before. That night, Kovu tells Kiara that he is not Scar's real son, but \"was a part of him\". Simba watches from above, seeking guidance from the \"Great Kings\" and Nala advises him to give Kovu a chance, because he is not his father. Kovu decides to leave after he almost confesses his real intentions to Kiara, but Rafiki stops him and invites the young lions to experience \"Upendi\" love. After a musical journey through the jungle, the two fall in love.\nIn the morning, Simba invites Kovu for a walk and tells him the true story of ", "qas": [{"question": "Who tries to intervene while Simba is being attacked?", "id": "04c5538f80704f63be602c67be87f466", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who rescues Kiara from the fire ?", "id": "652e4002e7a44f298dc9ae12099d2086", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Simba and Nala's firstborn offspring?", "id": "48c0c3c841ec426f88b34bf9d890dcf1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who leads Kovu and Kiara to the jungle?", "id": "aff7003eb83e49659555bea373c17221", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who follows Kiara on the orders of simba ?", "id": "43802664c633471680c6878747f37eae", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who teaches Kiara about hunting?", "id": "f1145241dbf34d98be21eb622b935d36", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Kiara meet at the Outlands?", "id": "e0628cf3616e49ac9ff3388ab9868796", "answers": []}, {"question": "To whom Kovu attempts to reveal his mission?", "id": "746eb8963e124cda9875d0e641134f20", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who attacks Simba?", "id": "722e41d224044852b7265a1f84eaf15d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who reminds Kovu that Simba killed Scar ?", "id": "47cd592c8bf749b2b7f3ec7d0f069e1c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Simba accept as his son in law?", "id": "4b173b2b7c99452086553e665dc6eb38", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Simba assign to follow Kiara?", "id": "f493c11d754c4500ad2deb49e172b66e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who pushed Zira over a cliff?", "id": "4169c5839e1c4516b7ff621e5771d0e3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Vitani and the Outsiders side with?", "id": "d1293009d1444f9e8da6b73716e9be40", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who lectures Kiara about the danger posed by the outsiders?", "id": "2f023f251783432ab79e058a8d89437a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Leonard (Phoenix) is walking along a bridge over a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Leonard (Phoenix) is walking along a bridge over a creek in Brooklyn, when suddenly he jumps into the water in an attempted suicide. He changes his mind and quickly walks home to his parents' apartment. His mother, seeing him dripping wet, tells her husband their son has tried it again and it becomes evident that Leonard has tried to kill himself before.\nHis parents tell him that a potential business partner and his family are invited for dinner that night and ask him to be present. When they arrive, Leonard finds that he had been set up with the other family's daughter, Sandra (Shaw). She inquires about his interest in photography and notices a photo of a girl above his headboard. He explains he had been engaged to the girl for several years, but the relationship was broken off when it turned out both he and his fianc\u00c3\u00a9e carried the gene for Tay\u00e2\u0080\u0093Sachs disease, which results in diseased children who generally don't live beyond age 12, so they would be unable to have healthy children.\nLeonard meets a new neighbor, Michelle (Paltrow), and is immediately attracted to her, choosing to ignore that she has a drug usage problem. He learns that she is dating a married partner in her law firm, Ronald (Koteas). At her request, Leonard agrees to meet Ronald and Michelle for dinner at a restaurant. The couple leave him later that evening, as they have plans to attend the Metropolitan Opera. Leonard returns home upset, but to his surprise, Sandra arrives, sent over by Leonard's parents. She is under the impression that Leonard wanted her to come by, but realizes by his surprised look, that she was set up. She apologizes for the misunderstanding and says that if he isn't interested, a lot of other guys are. Leonard says that he likes her, and they kiss and eventually make love, and with time, his relationship with Sandra deepens.\nMichelle calls Leonard and says she is sick. He takes her to the hospital, where she has a D&amp;C for a miscarriage. She had not known she was pregnant and is even more upset that Ronald didn't respond to her calls. Leonard takes her home but Ronald arrives. Leonard hides while Ronald apologizes to Michelle for not having come to her aid. Michelle coldly asks Ronald to leave. She then asks Leonard to write something on her forearm with his finger while she falls asleep. Leonard writes \"I love you\".\nTwo weeks later, Michelle meets Leonard on the roof of their building and tells him that she has broken up with Ronald and is going to San Francisco. Leonard tells her not to leave and professes his love for her. They have sex and plan to leave together the next day for San Francisco.\nOn New Year's Eve, Leonard buys an engagement ring for Michelle. He is then summoned by Sandra's father and is offered a partnership in the family businesses, with the assumption that he is going to marry Sandra. Noticing the jeweler's gift bag Leonard is holding, the father assumes it is for Sandra; Leonard lies that it is.\nDuring his parents' New Year's Eve party, Leonard ducks out to the courtyard to meet Michelle. Michelle arrives ten minutes past departure time and tells Leonard that she isn't going to San Francisco, because Ronald, having learned Michelle is leaving him for California, decided to leave his wife and children for her. Distraught, Leonard breaks things off with her for good.\nFeeling desolate, Leonard heads to the beach, presumably intending to kill himself. When he drops a glove that Sandra had bought for him, he realizes that, in Sandra, he has found someone who loves him and with whom he can build a decent life. He picks up the glove and sees the boxed engagement ring lying on the sand, where he had thrown it from the boardwalk earlier. He returns to the party, where he gives Sandra the ring and embraces her in a prolonged hug.\n", "qas": [{"question": "where Leonard meets Ronald and Michelle for dinner in this movie?", "id": "4d692d13e3554113b54d96d4be11ed3f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who supposedly left his wife for his girlfriend?", "id": "29f0d698bd1c4d04b0a07967a07236d7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Leonard propose to?", "id": "db7f824025fa491488d1e9dbd2357f4a", "answers": []}, {"question": "who apologizes to Michelle?", "id": "77911bb6723b4c6cbc9b8808e83e91bb", "answers": []}, {"question": "whom Leonard meets in the apartment building hall?", "id": "9a3bc7b1dd374d3b930bf6de373a76ca", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is pregnant in two lovers movie?", "id": "2c2c3ff4137345c0af16ebc162515db0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Leonard's parents try to set him up with?", "id": "f82ce9499ee14e34ae66e252b241b09c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was Michelle dating in the office?", "id": "bc0e6f0b70384d79a0db518c3e42ffa5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nFarmer Vincent Smith (Rory Calhoun) and his youn", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nFarmer Vincent Smith (Rory Calhoun) and his younger overweight sister Ida (Nancy Parsons) live on a farm with a motel attached to it in an unnamed Deep South state. It's called 'Motel Hello', but the O on the sign constantly flicks on and off (hence the opening title of 'Motel Hell'). Vincent makes smoked meats said to be the most delicious in the surrounding area. Vincent's secret is human flesh, and Vincent has the areas around his isolated motel strewn with various booby traps to catch victims. The victims are placed in a 'secret garden' where they are buried up to their necks and have their vocal cords cut so they cannot scream; Vincent keeps them in the ground, feeding them special food, until they are ready and then kills them. Ida helps, and seems to enjoy it, whereas Vincent seems rather calm and certain in his belief he's not doing anything wrong. Vincent even refers to the people he's captured as \"animals.\"The movie opens with Vincent going out one night and shooting out the tires of a motorcycle a couple is riding on: The male (Bo) is placed in the garden, but Vincent takes a shine to the young female (Terry) and brings her to the motel to help her recover from her injuries, much to Ida's displeasure. The next morning, Vincent's na\u00efve and mild-mannered younger brother Sheriff Bruce (Paul Linke), who, unlike Ida, is not aware of his brother's secret, arrives, and Vincent tells Terry that her boyfriend died in the accident and that he buried him: a trip to the graveyard shows a crude grave marker placed there by Vincent. Terry, having nowhere else to go, decides to stay at the motel.Most of the film consists of Vincent (with Ida's help) capturing more victims for his garden. One of the first on-screen victims is a local health inspector for Vincent's pigs who spies the hidden garden by chance, goes to investigate, and then becomes part of it. The next evening, a van full of drugged-up band members are driving past the area of the motel in which Vincent blows their tires out by laying out spikes in the road and captures them. At the same time, Vincent uses his folksy charm to woo Terry, much to Bruce's dislike, who tries to woo her himself without much success.Another night later, Vincent captures more victims by placing a pack of cardboard cows on the road. When a car containing two women pass by, one gets out and when she goes to move the cows, Vincent gases her. The other woman gets in the driver's seat and plows through the cardboard cows and attempts to flee. Vincent chases after her in his pickup truck in which a long car chase ensues. The woman in the car apparently faints from the stress of her terror in which her car goes off the road and into a nearby pond where she drowns. Meanwhile, Bruce attemps again to woo Terry by taking her to a spot overlooking a local drive-in theater where they attempt to watch a movie on the big screen only when Bruce overhears the other woman over his police car's CB radio attemping to call for help for she is being chased. Bruce tries to start up the car, but it gets stuck in the mud. Bruce ends up falling into a mud puddle attemping to push his car free.That same night, the mud-covered Bruce drops Terry off back at the motel where he questions Vincent and Ida about the mysterious chatter over the CB's and Vincent suggests that it was just teenage kids playing a prank. After Bruce leaves, a pair of swingers show up at the motel with a false ad that the motel is a swinger's paradise which is titled 'Vincent's Motel'. After putting Terry to bed, Vincent and Ida enter the couple's motel room where they gas both of them and add them to their back garden.The next day Vincent suggests he may teach Terry how to smoke meat. Terry is willing to tour Vincent's smokehouse in the back and adds: ", "qas": [{"question": "Who alongwith Terry went to the secret garden?", "id": "6017e0bbcdbc4fc186ae2e83ff4d10d8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who suggests burning the motel, claiming it is evil?", "id": "513ecb205cca476697f377ab0fce1ea7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nAs the movie opens, we see a guy climbing along ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nAs the movie opens, we see a guy climbing along the underside of an outcropping from a tall mountain peak. He turns out to be Gabe Walker, a ranger with Rocky Mountain Rescue. (Yes, that makes him \"Ranger Walker,\" and he is addressed as such several times during the course of the movie.) He is in communication with his co-worker and girlfriend, Jessie, who is on a chopper piloted by an older co-worker, Frank. The three are mounting a rescue of yet another co-worker, Hal Tucker, and his girlfriend Sarah, who is on her first climb. Hal and Sarah made it to the top of the mountain, but Hal has aggravated an old knee injury and can't make it back down.Gabe makes it to the top of the peak where Hal and Sarah are. The chopper drops Gabe a cable, which he secures, while the chopper lands on a nearby peak. All is set for the three to shuttle across the cable to where the chopper is. There is a lot of light-hearted banter as this is a routine operation that they all (except Sarah) do all the time. Hal goes first, and as he is crossing, Gabe asks Sarah how Hal persuaded her to accompany him on this escapade. She replies laconically, \"He told me it's better than sex.\"Hal makes it across and now it's Sarah's turn. She is a little frightened at the thought of hanging from a cable 4,000 feet above the ground, but the fact that Hal crossed without incident is reassuring. Halfway across her equipment fails and suddenly she is hanging by a strap and unable to reach and grab onto the cable. Gabe quickly crosses to her and grabs her arm just as the strap breaks free. But they are unable to keep their grip on each other, and Sarah falls 4,000 feet to her death. This is by far the most dramatic and gripping scene in the movie and some viewers will be haunted by it for weeks afterwards. But really, except for providing some background for the interpersonal dynamics among the remaining characters, it has nothing to do with the plot of the rest of the movie.Fast forward eight months, and we pick up two different plot lines that will converge later. At the U.S. Treasury office in Denver, Treasury Agent Travers is preparing to leave on a flight with several large containers of printed currency totaling $100,000,000. His boss introduces FBI Agent Matheson, who is being transferred and is bumming a ride on the flight. Gabe, meanwhile, drives up to Jessie's (and formerly his) house. He had left after Sarah's funeral because he felt he had to get away, and has been working in Denver. He wants Jessie to come to Denver with him, but she won't. She leaves for work, leaving Gabe to get his stuff from the house and load it into his vehicle.On the plane, Matheson looks out his window and sees another plane flying next to them. He quickly and correctly sizes up the situation, informs the other two Treasury agents that Travers intends to hijack the plane, and pulls his gun on Travers. The other two agents dutifully pull their guns on Matheson, as does Travers. Travers shoots the other two agents, then shoots Matheson. In the cockpit, the co-pilot comments about the gunfire, and the pilot shoots him. The two planes move into position and run a cable between them. Travers transfers over, then the pilot sends the containers.But Matheson isn't dead. He manages to shoot the pilot, shoot the cable in enough places that it detaches from both planes and the containers fall to the ground, and shoot the other plane enough times that it crashes in the mountains, before his own plane explodes from explosives previously set by Travers. Kristel, the pilot of the other plane, radios for help, reaches Jessie, Hal, and Frank, tells them they are hikers who got lost in a snowstorm, and asks them to send a chopper. But they can't send a chopper because of the storm, so Hal sets off to ", "qas": [{"question": "Which charcter is killed by one of Qualen's men?", "id": "98658e997e794e99844e4f00dbca7603", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Frank?", "id": "caeb9496f7644b7ba845c4c3b477f96a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is dispatched to rescue Hal Tucker and his girlfriend ?", "id": "f396afec0bb94850b32faf107dca6f94", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who's death does Hal remain bitter towards Gabe for?", "id": "65e221e002b0435eabef72d787c62397", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who do Hal and Gabe kill together in the movie?", "id": "cb5f18f75e4d47b6a5c9cb2bbc4abbcf", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Jessie convince to help Hal locate the climbers?", "id": "26d1e849f5114c2fbc2f58f066614ec9", "answers": []}, {"question": "How long does it take Gabe to return to the rangers station?", "id": "676b8b7b57fa4494b192924f40203bd2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What type of injury did Hal suffer from ?", "id": "3a60780b5f2c492fa6076c539d5a754e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nA Viking boy called Hiccup (voice: Jay Baruchel)", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nA Viking boy called Hiccup (voice: Jay Baruchel) introduces his village of Berk (\"it's been here for seven generations, but every single building is new\"). The village is attacked by dragons, who steal food (mostly sheep) and set things on fire (hence all the new buildings). The villagers grab weapons and try to fight the dragons off. Despite being told by every adult in sight to go indoors, Hiccup hauls out a bolas-shooting cannon he made himself and shoots a dragon out of the night sky. (As assistant to the village blacksmith, Gobber (voice: Craig Ferguson), Hiccup has access to tools and materials and knows how to use them.) The dragon lands in the woods some distance form the village and no one believes that he hit anything, so it's the next day before Hiccup can go looking for it. It turns out to be a rare and deadly Night Fury, but Hiccup can't make himself kill it. Instead he releases it -- whereupon it also refrains from killing Hiccup -- and it flies off through the trees.Hiccup discovers that the dragon (which he eventually calls Toothless because of its retractable teeth) has holed up in a steep-sided valley because it can no longer fly more than a few feet at a time. While sketching the dragon, Hiccup realizes that it's missing a tail fin. He makes a prosthetic tail fin out of leather. The new fin helps, but Toothless can't control it and inadvertently takes Hiccup for a ride, giving him a clear idea of what's needed to help the dragon fly right. In a series of workshop and test flight scenes, Hiccup builds and perfects a saddle, a control mechanism for the tail fin, and a safety harness.Meanwhile, Hiccup's father Stoick (voice: Gerard Butler) has signed him up for dragon training with Gobber, which is very different from the training he's already doing with Toothless: he's going to learn to fight dragons. At first, he's the worst student in the class. Since Hiccup has always been an accident-prone klutz, this comes as no surprise to his classmates Astrid (voice: America Ferrera), Snotlout (voice: Jonah Hill), Fishlegs (voice: Christopher Mintz-Plasse), Ruffnut (voice: Kristen Wiig), and her twin brother Tuffnut (voice: T.J. Miller). (Hiccup's a little sweet on Astrid.) Before long, Hiccup is able to use some things he's learned while working with Toothless to soothe and manage the school's practice dragons. (It turns out dragons are just big kitty-cats: they like to be petted, there's a kind of grass that's like cat-nip to them, and they love fish (but hate eels).) When Stoick returns from a failed search for the fabled nest of the dragons, he's surprised but thrilled to hear that his son is doing brilliantly at dragon training. He gives Hiccup a horned helmet made from one of his dead mother's breastplates. But Hiccup, as usual, is unable to get around his father's expectations and speak frankly, so he can't explain that his success at dragon school is unlikely to lead to the slaying of any dragons.When Hiccup subdues a practice dragon, unintentionally earning the privilege of killing it before the entire village, he's horrified and decides to flee with Toothless. However Astrid, having noticed Hiccup's frequent disappearances and secretive behavior, is suspicious. She follows him to the hidden valley and sees Toothless. Unable to explain his relationship with the dragon, Hiccup takes her flying, and she's captivated. But they get caught up in a flock of dragons returning to their nest carrying food. The dragons fly inside a mountainous island and drop the food into a pit, which turns out to contain a huge, terrifying, and very hungry dragon that eats the smaller ones if they don't bring it enough food. Hiccup and Astrid and shocked to realize that the dragons have been stealing their sheep to keep from being eaten themselves. When they get home, ", "qas": [{"question": "What kind of class is Hiccup attending?", "id": "3c4ff5313bae49929759f7e389ed0dbe", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who teaches the dragon fighting class?", "id": "59deabd4491348e4b4eab137161d86c6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What do the Vikings expel most of?", "id": "c12258a911994e3abcda3c29da0309ff", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Hiccup name the dragon that he finds and tames?", "id": "4816825b102949b5b7a46e7acb9060e6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\n\"Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose kung ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\n\"Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose kung fu skills were the stuff of legend...\" A mysterious panda donning a flowing cape and sedge hat walks through the Chinese landscape. Reputed to be a grand master of kung fu, he enters a tavern where he is immediately attacked by the local ruffians. However, they are no match for his skill and even the legendary kung fu masters, the Furious Five, bow down to the panda's skill, requesting to hang out with him and fight alongside him as......Po the giant panda (Jack Black) wakes up from his dream in his room. His goose father, Mr. Ping (James Hong) calls to him from the noodle restaurant below to help serve tables. Po admires his Furious Five action figures before going downstairs. An extreme fan of Kung Fu, Po dreams of one day becoming a master worthy of fighting alongside the Five but his girth and clumsiness makes this dream simply a dream and his kung fu talents reside only within his knowledge of moves and artifacts. He is hesitant to express his desires to his dad who is more interested in running his restaurant and advertising his famous 'secret ingredient soup'.Master Shifu (Dustin Hoffman), a red panda who resides at the Jade Palace temple, practices kung fu in the courtyard with his students, the Furious Five; Tigress (Angelina Jolie), Crane (David Cross), Monkey (Jackie Chan), Viper (Lucy Liu), and Mantis (Seth Rogen), before he is summoned to see tortoise Grand Master Oogway (Randall Duk Kim). Fearing something is wrong, Shifu rushes to find him meditating in the grand hall. Oogway doesn't deny bad news but calmly tells Shifu he's predicted that the snow leopard warrior Tai Lung (Ian McShane) will escape prison and return to the Valley of Peace to wreak destruction once again. Intent on never letting this happen, Shifu sends his goose messenger, Zeng (Dan Fogler), to fly to Chor-Gom Prison to ensure that security is increased. Oogway then proclaims that it is time to choose the Dragon Warrior; a master of great skill who will be granted the secrets of the universe by reading the Dragon Scroll, kept delicately out of reach on the temple ceiling. Assuming that one of the Furious Five will be chosen, Shifu prepares a competition to determine which one will qualify.Flyers for the competition are spread throughout town and the villagers flock to the temple. Excited to have the opportunity to see his idols in person, Po follows with his noodle cart in tow but struggles on the long staircase to the temple. He is the last to arrive at the gates and finds that they've shut him out. In a desperate bid to see the competition before it's over, Po fashions fireworks to his cart and blasts himself high into the air, only to come crashing down in the arena just as Oogway is preparing to choose out of the Five. Po opens his eyes to see Oogway's finger pointed right at him and is shocked, along with everyone else, when he is proclaimed to be the Dragon Warrior. Oogway's decision is final, despite Shifu's protests, and Po is carried (unsuccessfully) into the temple leaving Tigress greatly disappointed since it seemed Oogway would have chosen her if Po hadn't arrived.Inside the temple, Po examines, with awe, the many weaponry and valuable artifacts before Shifu approaches him and berates him for his obvious lack of skill. He deflates Po's excitement by grabbing his finger in what Po recognizes as the Wuxi Finger Hold, reputed to be extremely powerful. Shifu promises that Po will regret ever being chosen before taking him to the Fives training room where Po is promptly put to the test. Nervous, but excited to try some kung fu moves, Po accepts the challenge but is hurtled, flung, and beaten down to a now-existing Level 0.On the way to the dormitories, Po overhears the Five poke fun at his incompetence. He has an awkward conversation with Crane, opening up to his own doubts of being the Dragon Warrior. Tigress assures his doubts, calling him a disgrace to kung fu and tells ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Oogway proclaim as the new Dragon Warrior?", "id": "e70633ceb43e4362ae0cac1b830dde8e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Tai Lung use to defeat the Furious Five?", "id": "59ae22b5ec4a44bf95d93927e6917200", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who finally attains inner peace?", "id": "a990c22d9da449eb831d13ad48736bbb", "answers": []}, {"question": "What move does Po use to finish off Tai Lung?", "id": "e41cc5a49b1744ddbb6a7218a47aa594", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who escaped from Zeng?", "id": "5c16985026314153bb92ca5436e28a4d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kind of tournament does Shifu hold to identify the Dragon Warrior?", "id": "79661858a92b4f59932d304440c8f8fb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who set out to stop Tai Lung themselves?", "id": "397ef3b6d09d47198dc0194867cd9cdf", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kind of animal is Grand Master Oogway?", "id": "93f0f5df7c564caf9141d3e324408a6e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Shifu decides is ready to receive the Dragon Scroll?", "id": "1ae8fa7108d94f03873460d7bca1a0a0", "answers": []}, {"question": "In what fictional land in ancient China does the movie take place?", "id": "23a2ecd7539744b3985619fad6cae72c", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kind of scroll does Po guard?", "id": "968ef940448340e5b1b64527cb389752", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who tries to get rid of Po?", "id": "9be4f6447bb044f0b76225e1bf9c9a9a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIt's a snowy, cold Christmas in 1880's Brooklyn,", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIt's a snowy, cold Christmas in 1880's Brooklyn, New York, USA. \"I never saw a man meet death with\nfiner courage!\" says the doctor.Mrs. Errol (Dolores Costello Barrymore) comes out of the room where Captain Errol had died. She tells her young son Cedric (Freddie Bartholomew) that Father is finally better.\nBut mother and son are now all alone in the world!Now it's spring. And Cedric's birthday!Cedric's mother and their maid Mary (Una O'Connor) give Cedric birthday gifts including a new bicycle. Cedric rides the bike out to show his Brooklyn friends.The local applewoman, Mrs. McGillicuddy, a poor Brooklyn street vendor (Jessie Ralph), talks to Cedric\nand admires his new bike.Later, a gang of older boys stop his bicycle riding and taunt Cedric Errol about his English accent. He says he's an American but Cedric says firmly \" My father was British...if it's any concern of yours!\".When these boys insult his mother, he fights them singlehandedly, until his good friend Dick Tipton (Mickey Rooney) drops his shoeshine equipment and joins Cedric in the fight.A friendly Irish American cop (Robert Emmett O'Connor) breaks up the fight and the big boys scatter.\nOfficer O'Brien smiles and assures Cedric that\nhe knew Cedric and Dick would have won, but he just didn't want them to be\n\"...commitin' murder!\".Cedric then visits Hobbs Fancy Vegetables & Groceries and his friend storeowner Mr. Hobbs (Guy Kibbee). He sits on the cracker barrel and listens to Mr. Hobbs rail aginst British nobility. Mr. Hobbs, tells Cedric how he considers British earls a bad lot.Mr. Hobbs waves his newspaper as he, the staunch American, exclaims, \"I''ll have no graspin' tyrants [ earls] sitting on MY cracker barrel!\"Just then, maid Mary comes to fetch Cedric home. Mary says \"Weird strange things happenin' to us!\"British lawyer Mr. Havisham (Henry Stephenson) has come to America by order of Cedric's unseen paternal grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt. Mr. Havisham explains that young Cedric is now the only living heir to his British grandfather's title and estates.Mrs. Errol reluctantly agrees to bring Cedric to Britain since her husband, the late Captain Errol would have wished it! Mr. Havisham warns Mrs. Errol that the old Earl does not wish to see her as he is quite prejudiced against Americans and is fixed in his determination not to see her. She, thus, cannot enter the Dorincourt Estates, but must live in a home nearby where Cedric can visit.Distressed Mrs. Errol accepts the home, but refuses the money offered with the house, as she has a small income of her own. Mrs. Errol also asks that Mr. Havisham not tell Cedric why she must live apart because it would make it harder for Cedric and his grandfather to be friends. Mr. Havisham assures him that Cedric will thank her for her that someday.Young Cedric, back in Mr. Hobbs' store, confesses, \"Mr. Hobbs. I will no deceive you. An earl is sitting on this cracker barrel now.\"Later, Mr. Havisham enjoys dinner at the Errol's small Brooklyn home. He and Cedric talk about what an earl is. Cedric is happy to hear that he will be rich. Now he could buy all his poor friends needed items and presents for his mother. (He tells Mr. Havisham \"I call her Dearest because that's what my father called her.) Cedric's mother is called away by a needy neighbor, Bridget, whose husband Michael can't work because he's sick.Mr. Havisham gives Cedric money as a gift from his grandfather which Cedric immediately gives to Bridget. \"My grandfather must be a very good man!\" concludes Cedric.The new Lord Fauntleroy now goes out to say goodbye and to bring gifts to his friends, Dick Tipton (whose new shoeshine stand is from Cedric), Mr. Hobbs (who gets a new pipe and engraved watch), and the Apple Woman (who wears a warm new shawl from Cedric).In Britain, Mrs. Errol, in her new home near Dorincourt Estate, tells Cedric they must ", "qas": [{"question": "What does Cedric call his mother?", "id": "973dbdeace034e6ebd30abb55d090d28", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Minna Tipton say is the real heir?", "id": "1b9b22ee45ef4aacb9bcfe4ec9af751d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film is set in 1920s China during the Warlord ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film is set in 1920s China during the Warlord Era, years before the Chinese Civil War. Nineteen-year-old Songlian (S\u00c3\u00b2ngli\u00c3\u00a1n, played by Gong Li), whose father has recently died and left the family bankrupt, marries into the wealthy Chen family, becoming the fourth wife or rather the third concubine or, as she is referred to, the Fourth Mistress (S\u00c3\u00ac T\u00c3 itai) of the household. Arriving at the palatial abode, she is at first treated like royalty, receiving sensuous foot massages and brightly lit red lanterns, as well as a visit from her husband, Master Chen (Ma Jingwu), the master of the house, whose face is never clearly shown.\nSonglian soon discovers, however, that not all the concubines in the household receive the same luxurious treatment. In fact, the master decides on a daily basis the concubine with whom he will spend the night; whomever he chooses gets her lanterns lit, receives the foot massage, gets her choice of menu items at mealtime, and gets the most attention and respect from the servants. Pitted in constant competition against each other, the three concubines are continually vying for their husband's attention and affections.\nThe First Mistress, Yuru (Jin Shuyuan), appears to be nearly as old as the master himself. Having borne a son decades earlier, she seems resigned to live out her life as forgotten, always passed over in favor of the younger concubines. The Second Mistress, Zhuoyun (Zhu\u00c3\u00b3y\u00c3\u00ban, Cao Cuifen), befriends Songlian, complimenting her youth and beauty, and giving her expensive silk as a gift; she also warns her about the Third Mistress, Meishan (M\u00c3\u00a9ishan, He Caifei), a former opera singer who is spoiled and who becomes unable to cope with no longer being the youngest and most favored of the master's playthings. As time passes, though, Songlian learns that it is really Zhuoyun, the Second Mistress, who is not to be trusted; she is subsequently described as having the face of the Buddha, yet possessing the heart of a scorpion.\nSonglian feigns pregnancy, attempting to garner the majority of the master's time and, at the same time, attempting to become actually pregnant. Zhuoyun, however, is in league with Songlian's personal maid, Yan'er (Y\u00c3 n'\u00c3\u00a9r, played by Kong Lin) who finds and reveals a pair of bloodied undergarments, suggesting that Songlian had recently had her period, and discovers the pregnancy is a fraud.\nZhuoyun summons the family physician, feigning concern for Songlian's \"pregnancy\". Doctor Gao (Gao-yisheng, Cui Zhigang), who is secretly having an illicit affair with Third Mistress Meishan, examines Songlian and determines the pregnancy to be a sham. Infuriated, the master orders Songlian's lanterns covered with thick black canvas bags indefinitely. Blaming the sequence of events on Yan'er, Songlian reveals to the house that Yan'er's room is filled with lit red lanterns, showing that Yan'er dreams of becoming a Mistress instead of a lowly servant; it is suggested earlier that Yan'er is in love with the Master and has even slept with him in the Fourth Mistress' bed.\nYan'er is punished by having the lanterns burned while she kneels in the snow, watching as they smolder. In an act of defiance, Yan'er refuses to humble herself or apologize, and thus remains kneeling in the snow throughout the night until she collapses. Yan'er falls sick and ultimately dies after being taken to the hospital. One of the servants tells Songlian that her former maid died with her mistress's name on her lips. Songlian, who had briefly attended university before the passing of her father and being forced into marriage, comes to the conclusion that she is happier in solitude; she eventually sees the competition between the concubines as a useless endeavor, as each woman is merely a \"robe\" that the master may wear and discard at his discretion.\nAs Songlian retreats further into her solitude, she begins speaking of suicide; she reasons that dying is a better fate than being a concubine in the Chen household. On her twentieth birthday, severely intoxicated and despondent over ", "qas": [{"question": "Who plays Yan'er?", "id": "4ab68c1ffe174f42802bb6fdd64c19f2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was forced into marriage?", "id": "691851ca6520402c94037de79740d511", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who had an affair with Meishan?", "id": "179cee54c8b34489bfd1ac83a592c24e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What number wife was Songlian", "id": "84637ab457d94e709afc42c162a0673e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was the second mistress?", "id": "1c97174877684d4c9e13f30917f6ff8e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was the first mistress?", "id": "acceb06ad5734727bd5c5862bd1739c0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the master of the house?", "id": "1372171f2abc4735bb92d2d9c8bdb772", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nPrologue: (narrated by Orson Welles) A small air", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nPrologue: (narrated by Orson Welles) A small airplane with no one on board was flying along the Mediterranean coast near Barcelona . . . Opening shot shows an empty airplane in flight.Credits roll.At night, between the containers on a Naples pier, first we see a man running, then another, staggering, (Gregoire Aslan), who falls and we see a knife plunged on his back. Guy Van Stratten (Robert Arden) and his girlfriend Mily (Patricia Medina) happen upon the wounded man, and at once offer to stay with him and call for help. The dying man says no, no police, as I am dying anyway, in thanks for being good to me, listen, before I die I will give you some names that are worth millions. Find Gregory Arkadin, tell him you know about me, Bracco, and also about Sophie. In the confusion and noise of arriving police, Sophie's last name is garbled as Bracco dies.Guy is arrested for tobacco smuggling and put in prison for three months. Upon his release, he and Mily resolve to find out why that combination of names is valuable.Gregory Arkadin (Orson Welles) is a multimillionaire business magnate whose whereabouts are known, so Guy and Mily proceed to Cannes, but Arkadin has an enormous staff of bodyguards in charge of keeping riffraff away, so Guy can't get to him. Guy gets lucky as someone points out Arkadin's pretty daughter Raina (Paola Mori) to him. As he approaches, she is talking to her constant companion, the Marquess of Rutleigh (Jack Watling) and he says he is afraid to meet her father. Guy politely interrupts the conversation saying he would love to meet her father, and his daring strikes a chord with her, although she rebuffs his advances and warns that she is constantly watched by a large team of her father's employees.Guy has a conversation with Mily, telling her he will follow Raina and make advances to her in an attempt to get to Arkadin. Mily is a voluptuous cabaret entertainer who finds gigs easily, so she will try to become an entertainer for Arkadin, who throws big parties all the time.Guy keeps tailing Raina, finds out she will be driving to Spain, and persists in talking to her until she lets him ride along. On the ride, he is charming and she begins to fall for him.At their destination [Segovia], where Arkadin resides in the spectacular castle [the Alc\u00e1zar], Guy manages to continue courting Raina while seeing the sights and observing a night parade of black-hooded men doing penance. As he kisses her and she warns that her father will destroy him if he is proved a fortune seeker, he vows he will never ever ask her to marry him. This enhances his attractiveness to Raina.Mily, meantime, sees enough that she feels jealous. If Guy is trying for a relationship with Raina, she will try for a relationship with Arkadin himself.Soon after at a masquerade ball at the castle, Guy enters as a guest and Mily has wangled a singing gig. As Guy enters, the camera follows him and the scale and magnificence of the party are a shocking display of wealth.Guy finally meets the mysterious billionaire Gregory Arkadin, and after a few remarks Arkadin leads him into Raina's cavernous bedroom to talk. He tells Guy he loves his daughter intensely and will do anything to protect Raina from unscrupulous, shady suitors. He shows Guy a dossier on his life, labeled Confidential Report, where Guy's many previous run-ins with the law and other unflattering facts are detailed. Guy is not intimidated but challenges Arkadin instead, claiming that if someone were to investigate Arkadin in a similar way, plenty of dirt would show up, and he himself would not look good.After an instant of reflection, Arkadin offers Guy a deal, that he investigate Arkadin's past and prepare a confidential report on him. Arkadin claims he had amnesia and knows nothing about his own life up to the time when he found himself wandering in Zurich during the winter of 1927 carrying a briefcase with 200,000 Swiss Francs. After some ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is working in Europe?", "id": "f38770fbaf044f20a5c5d488cb24ada0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nGloria Mundy (Goldie Hawn) is attending a party ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nGloria Mundy (Goldie Hawn) is attending a party in a town across the bay from San Francisco. From a conversation with a friend we learn that she is recently divorced and is shying away from dating men to avoid getting her heart broken again. Her friend urges her to become more social and for a few seconds she considers getting to know a stranger at the party played by Chevy Chase. Deciding he is a klutz and a bore she drives back to the city alone. As the opening credits roll we see her driving down the gorgeous Marlin County coastline in her yellow VW convertible as Barry Manilow sings the song \"Ready to Take a Chance Again.\"When Gloria passes a handsome stranded stranger with broken down car, she decides to take a chance and pulls over to help. The stranger, Bob Scott (Bruce Solomon) asks her to drive him back to the city. On the way Scott notices that they are being followed by a black limo and decides to slip a cigarette pack, containing a spool of film, into Gloria's purse asking her to meet him at a movie theater later that evening. When she drops him off, we see two men jump from the limo and pursue him.When Scott finally reaches the movie theater, he sits down and we see he is hurt and bleeding badly. He dies shortly after whispering to Gloria \"Beware of the dwarf!\" She runs from the theater and gets the manager, but by the time they get back to her seat, the body is gone.Gloria tells this story to her elderly landlord Mr. Hennessey (Burgess Meredith), a retired anthropologist who keeps a ten foot snake as a pet, then heads upstairs to go to bed. The next day when she goes to work at the public library she also tells this story to her girlfriend, Stella, (Marilyn Sokol) who is convinced the whole thing is a hoax by a sex-crazed man, and insists the Gloria protect herself by carrying a portable alarm and a can of mace in her purse.As she is closing up the library that evening Gloria finds herself alone with an albino stranger (William Frankfather) who tries to kidnap her. She flees the building with the albino and another swarthy character, The Turk (Ion Teodorescu) in pursuit. Running into a bar she picks up Stanley Tibbets (Dudley Moore) and without telling him whats going on, asks him to take her to his apartment. There, Stanley misreads her intentions and prepares for a wild evening of sex, while she is distracted watching her pursuers out the window. When she finally turns around and sees Stanley in his underwear she is shocked and he is embarrassed. She heads home while Stanley mutters his apologies.Gloria is later assaulted at her apartment by a man with a scar on his face (Don Calfa), who demands she give him whatever was passed to her by Scott. He takes the cigarettes, and then attempts to strangle Gloria, but she stabs him with a pair of knitting needles (The cigarettes fall out of his pocket and lay hidden under a plant). Thinking she has killed him she calls the police, but as she turns around he is up again staggering toward her with murderous intent. The albino suddenly appears at the window and uses a throwing knife to kill the man with the scar and Gloria faints.She awakes to see the face of Chevy Chase's character, who we find is police Lt. Tony Carlson. Gloria tells him her story, but again the body has disappeared. Carlson's partner, Fergie, (Brian Dennehy) thinks she is nuts, but Tony is attracted to her and invites her to the station during her lunch hour.When she leaves the library to meet Tony for lunch she is kidnapped by the albino and the Turk. Waking up locked in a room she uses the portable alarm to get the Turk into the room and then maces him. She then climbs down the fire escape in the pouring rain and jumps to safely. Later she shows up at Tony's office, soaked to the skin and he takes her home.The next day Tony and Fergie check out the room ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is assigned to protect Gloria?", "id": "b5e1591710124fa4a92721d7b1ef3a65", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the conductor?", "id": "5f573beece684e529c99b4c1aab963ea", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who gave Gloria mace and brass knuckles?", "id": "34a0c6c993b64de591e20208afac4de9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is hired to assassinate the pope?", "id": "ff904b47641849ac9463e9e35074137e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who murdered his twin brother in order to impersonate him?", "id": "58047fc8d7324458bddcc982969d275d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nTen-year-old Chihiro (voice: Daveigh Chase in th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nTen-year-old Chihiro (voice: Daveigh Chase in the 2002 English dub) and her parents (voices: Lauren Holly and Michael Chiklis) drive to their new home. Chihiro is whiny and unhappy about the move, especially when she notices that the bouquet her friend gave her as a good-bye gift is wilting. In sight of their new house, they take a wrong turn and follow a bumpy, decayed old road through the woods; Chihiro sees an odd old statue through the trees as they drive by. The road ends at a tunnel leading to an abandoned theme park. It gives Chihiro the creeps, but her parents persuade her to go in with them and look around.After wandering across a grassy landscape and a dry riverbed, they climb a stone staircase and come to a street lined with restaurants and shops. Most are deserted, but the aroma of cooking leads them to the one restaurant that's well stocked with food -- though it's mysteriously deserted. Mom and Dad are hungry and start eating, despite Chihiro's objections. The food is delicious, and Chihiro wanders away to explore while they eat. She finds a towering, ornate building that she recognizes as a bathhouse (a spa resort); there's a train track running under it. She meets a boy (voice: Jason Marsden) in traditional dress who is alarmed to see her; he tells her to leave and get back across the river before it gets dark. Chihiro runs back to her parents, but they're still eating -- and they've turned into pigs. Strange, dark, ghostly figures appear in all the shops and streets, frightening Chihiro and separating her from the pigs that were her parents. Chihiro runs back to the river, which was nearly dry when they came over but is now full and large, and she doesn't even recognize the buildings on the far side. As a riverboat approaches, she notices that her body has become transparent.The riverboat lands a big crowd of people in costume -- or maybe they're not people; at first they're only visible as paper masks. Chihiro thinks shes dreaming, but can't wake up. The boy who warned her away finds her and tells her she must eat some food from his world or she'll fade away. He assures her that she won't turn into a pig. She swallows the morsel he gives her and becomes solid, but finds that she's stuck to the ground until he recites an incantation to release her. A bird with a woman's head flies above them and he hides her, saying the bird is looking for her. They run through alleys and the pig barn to the big bathhouse, which is accessed by a bridge; the boy says she has to hold her breath as they cross the bridge or the spell that makes her invisible will be broken. Customers -- fantastically varied gods and spirits -- are crossing the bridge and being greeted by bathhouse staff. Chihiro makes it almost all the way across, but a frog (voice: Bob Bergen) that speaks to her companion (calling him Haku) startles her and she takes a breath. Luckily only the frog seems to see her, and Haku uses magic to encase it in a bubble to shut it up.Haku tells her to find Kamajii (voice: David Ogden Stiers), the boiler man, and make him give her a job; she must have a job to stay at the bathhouse, or else Yubaba (voice: Suzanne Pleshette), the old witch who rules the bathhouse, will turn her into an animal. And Haku says she has to stay if she wants to find and help her parents, who are still pigs, wherever they are. He knows her name and says he's known her since she was very small.Chihiro descends a steep, winding, rail-less wooden stairway in search of Kamajii and the boiler room. When she finds them, she sees a weird set-up in which the boiler is fed by creatures like spiders (delivering coal one lump at a time) and the machinery is controlled by a bearded, bald man ", "qas": [{"question": "what does the paper shikigami attack?", "id": "a79596107a9d474b8645ad687ea6af14", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who used the black slug to control Haku?", "id": "3c03ad41c98d493aaca6c06e3fe39874", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who crosses the river and ruintes with her restored parents?", "id": "9c2b841ec23249f2b15f6550cb875dff", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the boy that Chihiro meets ?", "id": "4ca40c2e374d4b8ba0eefcbb4d31f775", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the witch who runs the bathhouse?", "id": "7bbe95a11c9146e8987c5eee254aaf70", "answers": []}, {"question": "who does Sen invite inside", "id": "c43c2226b2704b87ada347c42b70dd90", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where are Chihiro and her family traveling to ?", "id": "044a010e6f494980919fffe4661f66a2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nWayne's World 2, while retaining Wayne Campbell,", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nWayne's World 2, while retaining Wayne Campbell, Garth Algar, and Wayne's girlfriend Cassandra Wong, has a much more serious tone and outcome than the first Wayne's World movie. The movie opens with Wayne explaining that the course of the 'past year,' in this case the year between the two movies, has seen a lot of changes in his life. Although he still hosts his television show Wayne's World, he now lives in an apartment building which was once a doll factory. He is very proud of the fact that Cassandra's carrer is taking off and they are still very involved with each other, but talks about how people are telling him he needs to find focus in his life and 'grow up.' In a dream, Wayne sees singer Jim Morrison, who tells Wayne to put on a music festival in Aurora, Illinois. The festival itself makes Wayne go through the process of booking bands and getting permits for the event, although the event itself isn't truly the core to the story. The festival takes a back seat to Wayne's romance with Cassandra, who he comes to acknowledge he truly loves and wonders about their future together. Wayne, about half way through the film, has to prove himself to Mister Wong, Cassandra's father. In a satire of classic Kung Fu movies, Wayne and Mister Wong battle each other while dubbing themselves. Wayne proves himself to be a worthy warrior, but does not earn the complete respect of Mister Wong. Cassandra's carrer now centers around her producer, Bobby Kahn, played by actor Christpher Walken. Wayne is suspiscious of Cassandra and Bobby's relationship together, as it becomes obvious to Wayne that it sees that where ever Cassandra is Bobby is also. Wayne spies on Cassandra and later confronts her about what he witnessed, causing her to punch him in the face and seeminly ending their relationship. Wayne struggles with this throughout the rest of the movie, wanting to make peace with Cassandra and win her back. Wayne later discovers that Cassandra is about to be wed to Bobby, forcing Wayne to abandon his post on the day of his festival to stop the wedding and pronounce his love for Cassandra. At the very last minute, he interupts the wedding ceremony of Cassandra and Bobby, where he then discovers that Mister Wong had set up the wedding to gain his green card. Wayne and Cassandra then return to Wayne's music festival where she performs and Aerosmith arrives shortly thereafter. The movie ends immediately after the festival, leaving the viewer to believe that Wayne has finally 'grown up' into an 'adult' now that he has not only confirmed his love for Cassandra but managed to organize and run a music festival without forgetting what it means to 'have fun.'\nGarth becomes involved with a seemingly older woman in Wayne's World 2, who he later discovers is married and hisentiore relatinship with the woman was a sham to get back at her husband, who she wants dead. Garth's character hasn't seem to have grown or changed much from the first Wayne's World movie, however by the end of Wayne's World 2 it appears as if he has matured emotionally to where Wayne's character was at the end of the first Wayne's World movie, although his character and his problems never appear to have found resolution by the end of Wayne's World 2.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Cassandras new producer?", "id": "0841ec74fe084d0d86e6909b2270435d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What do Wayne Campbell and Garth Algar call their concert?", "id": "b761c89ae10f4ccb9ffcd1bb6acb0b48", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do Wayne and Garth consult Morrison?", "id": "ceeab70b9e2b4aed88a92279aa145f39", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn 2025, a corporation called The Union has perf", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn 2025, a corporation called The Union has perfected the creation of artificial organs, which have replaced organ transplants. A potential customer can apply for an organ, which is sold on credit, at high interest. If a customer is unable to maintain payments, after three months, a repo-man is sent after the customer to 'reclaim' Union property. The process of the repossession is bloody & brutal, and often results in the death of the customer.Remy is one of the Union's top repo-men, who partners with his childhood friend, Jake, to collect on past due accounts. Remy is highly regarded within The Union as their top performer, though his occupation causes problems with his wife, who sees it as unsavory. After she leaves Remy when Jake commits a repossession in front of their home, Remy decides to transfer to a sales job, much to Jake's chagrin.As his final repossession job, Remy is sent to the residence of a music producer, whose work he happens to admire. After allowing the man enough time to complete a song, Remy prepares to repossess his heart. When he attempts to use a heart defibrillator to stop the unit, the defibrillator malfunctions, sending a large electrical shock through his body and knocking him into a coma. When Remy awakens from his coma, he is informed by Jake and Frank, his co-workers, that the shock severely damaged his heart. He can be fitted with an artificial heart, or die. After Remy attempts to flee the hospital, he reluctantly agrees to the procedure.Remy goes back to work, but is unable to perform his job, because he is just like the people he is repossessing from. He attempts to transition into sales, but quickly finds himself behind in payments. Jake takes Remy to the outskirts of the city to a nest, which is a collection of people who have past due accounts with the Union, but are fleeing to avoid being repossessed. Remy is again unable to perform a repossession, after which he is abandoned by Jake until he can perform his job. Remy is attacked by a pair of men from whom he was expected to repossess artiforgs, and knocked out.Remy, upon awakening, encounters Beth, whom he had met earlier in a bar where she was singing. He discovers that she has multiple body parts on which she is past due, and is currently suffering from a drug addiction. Remy takes her to a motel room, where he stays with her as she goes through withdrawal. After Jake interrupts his attempt to falsify artiforg returns on both of them back at the Union's headquarters, Remy leaves unassailed by Jake, returns to Beth, & the two leave to live in the outskirts.The pair live, for a time, in relative harmony. Remy uses an old typewriter that Beth has found to type up a narrative of his life, and subsequent conversion. As he finishes, a repo-man arrives to repossess his heart, but as he approaches Remy, he falls through a hole Remy has covered in the damaged floor, crashing to the floor below, unconscious. Then Beth, who was hiding behind the door, also falls when the floor collapses under her, re-injuring her leg. From above, Remy sees the Repo man coming to, readying to tranquilize or taze Beth. Remy drops the heavy typewriter onto him through the floor, crushing his head, to save himself and Beth. Using the repo-man's vehicle, Remy sneaks back into his former workplace to obtain a pair of devices that fool organ scanners used by repo-men. He attempts to force Frank to clear his account, only to discover that due to his previous aborted attempt, all accounts can now only be cleared back at the Union's central office.Remy and Beth attempt to flee the country at the airport, but are taken by security when it is discovered that Beth's prosthetic knee was damaged in their earlier encounter with the repo-man. Once inside, they are forced to fight against airport security and another pair of repo-men. They are able to kill or incapacitate ", "qas": [{"question": "Who found the typewriter Remy is using to write a manuscript of his life as a repo man?", "id": "a0fddc36bfee4ec3af180381fc935df1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Remy move in with after his divorce?", "id": "e961b7197e1a4aca988e54f3e377fe5c", "answers": []}, {"question": "When Beth fell through a hole in the floor, what prosthesis did she damage?", "id": "9fe9c79d522b4fc4bffe10ee66052b89", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Remy try forcing to clear his account?", "id": "53e3c8abfa7744ca968af59fcf37d2c5", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was Remy trying to obtain at his former workplace?", "id": "681bb03524984623ac65882ff80d4b96", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who knocks Remy unconscious?", "id": "0a933d767afe4551961aa6787d8212bd", "answers": []}, {"question": "For whom did Remy set up a trap door in the floor?", "id": "a80ca0838953490bb0741c60115bb1df", "answers": []}, {"question": "What type of organs replace the diseased organs of the customer?", "id": "1788ee61a27c4b9e82f1cb512568423c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who rigged the defibrillator unit?", "id": "879b9eff8da6491cac26d9b77df86b3c", "answers": []}, {"question": "What prosthetic body part does Beth have?", "id": "8e859e89464d41a48b8e7359f1fd8d96", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe Godfather Part II presents two parallel stor", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe Godfather Part II presents two parallel storylines. One involves Mafia chief Michael Corleone in 1958/1959 after the events of the first movie; the other is a series of flashbacks following his father, Vito Corleone from 1917 to 1925, from his youth in Sicily (1901) to the founding of the Corleone family in New York.The film begins in 1901, in the town of Corleone, Sicily, at the funeral of young Vito's father, Antonio Andolini, who has been murdered for an insult to the local Mafia lord, Don Ciccio. During the procession, Vito's older brother is murdered because he swore revenge on the Don. Vito's mother goes to Ciccio to beg for mercy, but he refuses, knowing that nine-year-old Vito will seek revenge later in life. The mother takes Ciccio hostage at knifepoint, allowing her son to escape, and Ciccio's men kill her. They search the town for the boy, but he is aided in his escape by the townspeople. Vito finds his way by ship to New York, and at Ellis Island an immigration agent chooses Vito's hometown of Corleone as his surname, and he is registered as \"Vito Corleone\".In 1958 in a scene similar to the opening of the first film, Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), Godfather of the Corleone family, deals with various business and family problems during an elaborate party at his Lake Tahoe, Nevada compound to celebrate his son's First Communion. In his office, Michael meets with corrupt Nevada Senator Pat Geary (G. D. Spradlin) to discuss the price of the gaming licenses for the hotel/casinos the Family is buying. Geary, who has obvious contempt for Michael and other Italian businessmen who are moving into his state to take advantage of gambling opportunities, promises to make Michael's acquisition of his gaming license a difficult process. Michael ends his conversation with Geary when he refuses to pay the outrageous fee Geary demands, telling the senator he'll get nothing.Michael also deals with his self-indulgent younger sister Connie (Talia Shire), who, although recently divorced from her second husband, is planning to marry a man named Merl Johnson (Troy Donahue) with no obvious means of support and of whom Michael disapproves. He also talks with Johnny Ola (Dominic Chianese), the right hand man of Jewish gangster Hyman Roth (Lee Strasberg), who is supporting Michael's move into the gambling industry. Belatedly, Michael deals with Frank \"Five Angels\" Pentangeli (Michael V. Gazzo), a business associate who took over Corleone caporegime Peter Clemenza's territory in New York City after his death, and now has problems with the Rosato Brothers, who are backed by Roth. Pentangeli leaves abruptly, after telling Michael \"your father did business with Hyman Roth, your father respected Hyman Roth, but your father never trusted Hyman Roth.\"Later that night, Michael barely escapes an assassination attempt when his wife Kay (Diane Keaton) notices the bedroom window drapes are inexplicably open, which allows two unseen hitmen to spray the bedroom with bullets. The two hitman are found dead having been killed by a \"mole\" within the compound. Afterwards, Michael tells his lawyer and associate Tom Hagen (Robert Duvall) that the hit was made with the help of someone close, and that he must leave, entrusting all his power to Hagen to protect his family.Flashback: In 1917 New York City, the adult Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro) works in a grocery store in the Lower East side with his friend Genco Abbandando. The neighborhood is controlled by a member of the \"The Black Hand,\" Don Fanucci (Gastone Moschin), who extorts protection payments from local businesses. One night, Vito's neighbor Clemenza (Bruno Kirby) asks him to hide a stash of guns for him, and later, to repay the favor, takes him to a fancy apartment where they commit their first felony together, stealing an elegant rug.The film flash-forwards to Michael's time. Michael meets with poushal Hyman Roth in Miami, Florida who tells Michael that he believes Frank Pentangeli was responsible for the assassination attempt, and that Pentangeli will pay for it", "qas": [{"question": "who  denies  previous statements ?", "id": "08da04366c9c44119af901af26e19932", "answers": []}, {"question": "Fredo seems to begin by who at the funeral?", "id": "d775a4a31f054bd78c2a8a0197ff7824", "answers": []}, {"question": "To where is Fredo returned?", "id": "00d36ec2207142da8cccbc3d4598ec29", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who suspects Roth of planning the assassination?", "id": "8e62b224c67741039a2bdd5f0cb2b60e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who visits Sicily for the first time since emigrating?", "id": "2c0617112a7045fd875d417c90a2aaf5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the Cuban leader in power?", "id": "7251d5778baf4832961230093fe23126", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whose criminal conduct attracts the attention of Fanucci?", "id": "38bbb5936d6742e7b10a1202b68ab619", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who sits alone by the lake at the family compound?", "id": "943e93f068f641309ffb2fe4745ce04e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Vito now registered as ?", "id": "840a464ef9544eeb9803ea83ad1def96", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which character slits his wrists in his bathtub?", "id": "c914f74241094f9281ea32a2622dea23", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the senate committee investigating?", "id": "137d7cfba75c4a088abb94e986c16469", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has a series of meetings in his role as the Don?", "id": "6ee3c21f0da944c7908d743ec48fe000", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who leaves Nevada after surviving an assassination attempt?", "id": "7cfaf5990f7e470286841feb69deec73", "answers": []}, {"question": "Vito Corleone lives in what city?", "id": "7ad37f00976f4b2b8c2e82b565d47706", "answers": []}, {"question": "who  gathers in their dining room to surprise Vito for his birthday?", "id": "fe1c90ed57374d8d83d7a65be9f2a69c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nTwo white racists, Billy Ray Cobb (Nicky Katt) a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nTwo white racists, Billy Ray Cobb (Nicky Katt) and Pete Willard (Doug Hutchison), come across a 10-year-old black girl named Tonya Hailey (Rae'Ven Larrymore Kelly) in rural Mississippi. They violently rape and beat Tonya and dump her in a nearby river after a failed attempt to hang her. She survives, and the men are arrested.Tonya's father, Carl Lee Hailey (Samuel L. Jackson), seeks out Jake Brigance (Matthew McConaughey), an easygoing white lawyer. Carl Lee is worried that the men may be acquitted due to deep-seated racism in the Mississippi Delta area. They discuss a similar case further south in which four white teenagers were acquitted of the rape of a black girl. Brigance admits the possibility that the rapists will walk free in this case as well. Carl Lee acquires an M16 rifle, goes to the county courthouse and opens fire. This results in the deaths of both rapists and also in the unintended injury of Deputy Looney (Chris Cooper), who has to have his leg amputated. Carl Lee is soon arrested without resistance. Brigance agrees to provide defense for Carl Lee for a much smaller amount of money than such a trial would usually require. He intends to enter a plea of not guilty by reason of temporary insanity.The rape and subsequent revenge killing gain national media attention. The Ku Klux Klan begins to organize in the area. Freddie Lee Cobb (Kiefer Sutherland), the brother of Billy Ray, calls Brigance and his family with death threats and organizes the formation of a Klan chapter in the county. The district attorney, Rufus Buckley (Kevin Spacey), decides to seek the death penalty, and presiding Judge Omar Noose (Patrick McGoohan) denies Brigance a change of venue. Brigance seeks help for his defense team from sleazy divorce lawyer and close friend Harry Rex Vonner (Oliver Platt). He seeks guidance from long-time liberal activist Lucien Wilbanks (Donald Sutherland), a once-great civil rights lawyer who was disbarred for violence on a picket line.Brigance is approached by Ellen Roark (Sandra Bullock), a fiery liberal law student from Massachusetts who belongs to the ACLU. Brigance is initially reluctant to accept Ellen's cooperation, but he later agrees to let her help with the case. The trial begins amid much attention from the media and public. The Klan, which has a member inside the sheriff's department, burns a cross on Brigance's lawn. This incident causes an argument between Brigance and his wife to the effect that if Jake had heeded Carl Lee's warning, this would not have happened. The police evacuate Jake's family from their house. Brigance and the police capture one of the Klan members, and they find a case with a bomb inside it. Brigance throws the bomb into the air, where it explodes. This motivates Jake to send his wife and young daughter away while the trial continues.As the trial begins, the KKK march down Canton's streets and meet a large group of mostly black protesters at the courthouse. Chaos ensues outside the courthouse as the police lose control of the crowd. A black teenager kills the KKK Grand Dragon (Kurtwood Smith) with a Molotov cocktail, burning him to death. Brigance's attraction to Roark grows, and they nearly begin an affair before Brigance regains his wits. He goes home, finding that arsonists have burned down his house, nearly killing his dog Max in the process. The next morning, as the Mississippi National Guard is called in to take care of the rioting, Brigance sits on the still-smoking steps of his house, calling for his dog. Harry Rex arrives at the remains of the Brigance home and tells Jake that it is time to quit the case. Brigance argues that to quit now would make his sacrifices meaningless. The jury secretly discusses the case in a restaurant, going against the judge's instructions. All but one are leaning toward a guilty verdict and Carl Lee's fate looks sealed.Freddie Lee Cobb shoots at Brigance as he exits the courthouse, but misses. The bullet hits a national guardsman policing the demonstrations, paralyzing him. Roark is kidnapped by ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Ozzy Walls in the movie?", "id": "5257409cb9794967b4e19270b54a711e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Jake Brigance's profession?", "id": "21c50de87e564af08df201c8567abf0b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who behing yelling in anger about the verdict?", "id": "6ac18e7ad6cd4b558249bf997769f3e8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the black girl's name?", "id": "aea13e45ff6643f598b6440ff41046e4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is arrested with Freddie Lee?", "id": "378716522667470c93b04afb75bc013b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the deputy that Carl Lee unintentionally injures?", "id": "f4665edd015940dd9d5dedb68ca89d2b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe company \"Spacely Sprockets and Spindles\" is ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe company \"Spacely Sprockets and Spindles\" is in dire trouble. Their latest project, dubbed the 'Orbiting Ore Asteroid,' has had numerous technical setbacks, doing only 3 days of work in over 6 months. To make matters worse, the vice-president in charge of operations, Alexander Throttle-bottom, has run off, making this the fourth vice-president that the operation has lost. Matters are further compounded when the site's assistant refuses to press the start button to activate the factory, or accept Spacely's offer for a promotion or raise.Using his secretarial computer, Spacely pegs George Jetson to be the new vice-president, sending George home to pack and tell his family. However, the news is met with with sadness, as the move will interfere with Jane's recycling program, Elroy's spaceball tournament, and Judy's date with rock star Cosmic Cosmo.Even so, the family manages to come together (with the exception of Judy who is sad about her missed date), and the family arrives at the 'Orbiting Ore Asteroid,' which not only houses the factory, but a shopping center and housing complex. The Jetsons meet their new neighbors, including Lucy-2, whose husband Rudy-2 works at the factory, and son Teddy-2 plays on the local spaceball team. They also meet the Furbolo family, including their mischievous daughter, Fergie.The next day, George arrives at work and meets Rudy-2. Rudy verses George on the factory equipment, and they prepare for the official start-up of the factory. Meanwhile, Jane and Judy go shopping with Lucy-2. Still feeling depressed, Judy goes off on her own, and meets a boy named Apollo Blue, whom she quickly develops a crush on.Later on that day, everyone turns out for the re-opening of the plant, with George activating the controls. However, the machine malfunctions again, irritating Spacely. Shortly thereafter, Rudy-2 reveals to George about previous technical issues with the plant, and cautions that it may be safer if George were to go home. George refuses, not wanting to give up on being vice-president. The next day, repairs appear to be made but the factory again malfunctions. Spacely blames George for the technical glitches, and leaves Earth to check on the factory.After inspecting the factory again, Rudy-2 reveals that the incidents do not appear to be accidents, but 'warnings' to shut down the plant. Rudy then explains about the factory's troubles, and of the 4 previous vice-presidents. George decides to stay overnight at the plant, and figure out just what is happening.Elroy and Teddy-2 sneak off to follow him. However, when their disappearance is found out, Jane asks Judy and Apollo Blue to try and find them. Judy and Apollo find both Elroy and Teddy-2 at the plant, along with Fergie, who tagged along. They also find a strange little creature, whose species Fergie identifies as a Grungee. The Grungee leads them into the core of the asteroid, where it is revealed why the factory keeps being sabotaged: The factory's enormous drill is destroying the Grungee's habitat in the base of the asteroid. The Grungees have been making the plant malfunction to keep their homes from being destroyed.Jane and Astro soon make their way into the factory, along with Rudy-2. Rudy stays in the factory, as Jane and Astro go below. Soon afterwards, they all find George, who had been bound and gagged by the Grungees. George has no idea why this has happened to him, untill Jane and the others explain.Shortly after this revelation, Mr Spacely arrives, and against Rudy-2's protestations, reactivates the drill, almost killing Elroy when it's actions cause a large amount of rock to collapse. The other Grungees manage to help him, and they all head top-side. After Mr Spacely refuses to stop the drill, George manage to make the system malfunction. When Spacely demands an explanation, George explains about the Grungees, and Spacely is soon found to have ignored reports that the asteroid was inhabited.A deal is made by which the Grungees operate the plant, ", "qas": [{"question": "what is teddy-2's father working?", "id": "21e068a805244a8ebafed6bfa2cf4b72", "answers": []}, {"question": "who starts up the factory?", "id": "bd68aed0d61044c09c64ccc96c51a746", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is Teddy-2's father?", "id": "9dac3200576e440aabc3ac7c6dcd9dcb", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the mining colony located on?", "id": "ea3406dbf9154ee8a23fef171016c825", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was Throttlebottom's successor?", "id": "3574243a420f4501bae77cfb385569a3", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is found hog-tied in the grungees' colony?", "id": "2a9cc53067e74c069c1f88ecff09a76f", "answers": []}, {"question": "what is the name of the robot boy elroy jetson befriends?", "id": "ba2438f42b094bdea3b2c015d0d55c03", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is now running the plant?", "id": "fe4f7c0320d6496282dd81974a2eb699", "answers": []}, {"question": "why did spacely name george jetson as throttlebottom's  successor?", "id": "9c7916d2d7e24954a544ed9f12117425", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who feared for his company's profit?", "id": "131803f6d8b140cf985261a569013174", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is translating for Squeep?", "id": "124b2c0592584e479fe4e40936c51e06", "answers": []}, {"question": "in the end, who does spacely assign to run the plant?", "id": "903adc893d2e4e83a9221c1826166ada", "answers": []}, {"question": "Judy Jetson is having a hard time adjusting, and accepting the fact that she lost her chance at a date who?", "id": "8084531c19be4f43adea794396a10733", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nJudge Dan Haywood (Spencer Tracy) arrives in Nur", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nJudge Dan Haywood (Spencer Tracy) arrives in Nuremberg in 1948 to preside over the trial of four Nazi judges, each charged with having abused the court system to help cleanse Germany of the politically and socially undesirable, allegedly guilty of war crimes. The opening statement of the prosecuting attorney (Richard Widmark) is a vicious one, depicting the defendants as having been willing, evil, accomplices in Nazi atrocities, but Judge Haywood wonders if it is really that simple.Confounded at how one defendant, a renowned German champion of justice named Ernst Janning (Burt Lancaster), appears to have played the greatest role in molding Germany's Ministry of Justice into a destructive instrument of Nazism, Judge Haywood resolves to gain some perspective on the period in which the German legal system strayed from a course of entirely objective justice.Probing for the truth proves difficult, though, as nobody who lived in Germany during Nazism seems to admit to having much inside knowledge. He befriends Mrs. Bertholt (Marlene Dietrich), the widow of an executed Nazi army officer, but she offers few insights, more consumed by her personal experiences than the broader matters of Nazism. Mrs. Bertholt is focusing on being a catalyst for the cultural rebirth of Nuremberg, keen on remolding the image of a city that had become notorious as the site of the Nazi raliies. An attempt to discuss the period with his housekeepers, Mr. and Mrs. Halbestadt, who had lived near the Dachau concentration camp, proves equally fruitless for Judge Haywood, as they cannot help but focus on the loss of their child in the bombing and the fact that they nearly starved from poverty. Whether anyone knew anything mattered little, for Germans were looking forward, not backward, still grappling with, and recovering from, the hardships and losses that the war brought to them and their families.Only in the courtroom will Judge Haywood have the opportunity to gain insights into the realities of the period. First hand evidence of a) all German judges having sworn to a Nazi oath of allegiance, b) human sterilization orders signed by the defendants and carried out, and c) the execution of a Jew merely for having relations with a non-Jew, painted an evil picture of the ways in which the law had been applied by the defendants during Nazism. Still, Judge Haywood cannot fully come to grips with why these judges had been willing to enforce the law in such a horrific manner. Not, at least, until the defendant Ernst Janning feels compelled to make a statement, against the advice of his counsel (Maximilian Schell).In his statement made under oath, Janning speaks of how economically-stricken Germany had become a nation of fearful, desperate people, and how only such a people could submit to Nazism. Hitler's promises, Janning explained, in which he openly vowed the elimination of those accountable for Germany's hardships were, at first, soothing and reassuring to them. Janning then noted that, even once the complicit realized the unconscionability and inhumanity of Hitler's approach, they stayed at their posts to help things from getting even worse, but, predictably, failed to derail the atrocities of the times. He explained that national allegiance had motivated most of them to the point that they sacrificed their own personal senses of morality. In a deeply personal, yet self-damning, statement, he conceded that most of them should have known better, and that those that had gone along had betrayed Germany.At long last, the issue at the heart of the case becomes clear to Judge Haywood - the choice that the defendants had to make was between allegiance to their country and allegiance to their own senses of right and wrong. Understanding the times and context in which the actions of the defendants took place, Judge Haywood is ready to pass judgment on the defendants. He sentences each to life imprisonment, noting that their actions were illegal under both International law and German law, and further notes that they were men of sufficient intellect, prominence and credibility in Germany that their refusal to help transform the German court system into an institution that, systematically, denied justice to enemies of the Third Reich might have made a difference.As noted in ", "qas": [{"question": "what is the name of the defendant haywood begins his examination with?", "id": "d6282ccbaa3541f6abcfacf4bc28a561", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is the chief trial judge?", "id": "85e4dcbf2fdf4e168044b7357e88dc8a", "answers": []}, {"question": "who took the stand?", "id": "5fa5f6fab6134026b9f9dad9efd83c44", "answers": []}, {"question": "how many defendants are found guilty and sentenced to life in prison?", "id": "28bd18d9cd0641e99b3f2af853f7953a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nHarvey Shine (Dustin Hoffman) works as a jingle ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nHarvey Shine (Dustin Hoffman) works as a jingle writer for television commercials in Manhattan, a job not in keeping with his one-time aspiration to be a jazz composer and pianist. We see him at work and he is very good at what he does. However, his boss does not seem impressed with his latest output. As Harvey departs for London to attend his daughter Susan's wedding, his boss actually suggests that he spend more time there than he had originally planned. Harvey declines, making the point that he needs to be back for an upcoming pitch to an old client. His boss insists that it is being done by other musicians, and that Harvey's latest work was his last chance to keep his job.On the plane, Harvey tries to chat up a fellow passenger, but she is having none of it. He is left sitting there with egg on his face and we come to regard him as even more of a loser.Meanwhile, we witness the mildly strained relationship between Kate Walker (Emma Thompson), a single Londoner, and her mother, whose husband left years earlier. Kate tries to reassure her mother that despite being single, she may yet find a man. Further, Kate tells her mom to quit worrying about the new Polish neighbor who has moved in next door and seems to be stacking a lot of firewood.Upon arrival at Heathrow Airport in London, Harvey encounters Kate at her job collecting statistics from passengers as they pass through the terminals. She attempts to question him about his reasons for visiting the UK. Tired and anxious to get to his hotel, Harvey brusquely dismisses her when she approaches him to ask questions.Harvey heads for the hotel to check in and discovers that he is the first one to arrive. Upon calling his daughter to double check where everyone else is when they were all supposed to be staying together, he learns that his ex-wife Jean actually rented a house to accommodate family and friends from the States and he is the only one at the hotel.After a brief nap, he showers and hurriedly dresses. On the way to the rehearsal dinner in the taxi cab, he realizes the anti-shoplifting device is still attached to the sleeve of his jacket. And to make matter worse, he has worn a white suit (thinking this was requested) while all the other men wore black. During the meal, it becomes increasingly clear Harvey is considered a mere guest and the role of father of the bride has been delegated to Jean's husband Brian. To add insult to injury, Brian stands to give the toast, and recollects the vacation they all spent in Rome, and his stepson-in-law-to-be embraces him and calls him Dad. Just before leaving back to his hotel, when Harvey tells Susan (with whom he has shared a strained relationship since his divorce) that he will be attending the ceremony but not the subsequent reception because he needs to return to the States for an important meeting, she informs him she has asked Brian to give her away.Meanwhile, Kate is set up on a blind date by a well meaning co-worker that does not go well. When she returns to the table after taking yet another call from her mother, she discovers her younger date has invited some of his younger friends to join them. Feeling unwanted and excluded from the conversation, she eventually excuses herself and goes home. As it turns out, Kate's increasingly neurotic mother seems convinced that her Polish neighbor is some kind of murderer because she sees him toting strange looking, lumpy packages into a shed in the back yard.The following morning Harvey attends Susan's wedding, but heavy traffic delays his arrival back to Heathrow, and he misses his plane. When he calls his boss Marvin in NYC to inform him he will be returning a day later than planned and that he will try to get there as soon as possible, he is told that he is fired.In his glum mood, Harvey makes his way to the airport bar and starts slugging down scotch, determined to drown his sorrows. Kate is sitting in the lounge reading ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Harvey's employer?", "id": "4893690160d84f498e9a8cc5bb2919a1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was left at the table?", "id": "b6ac690c5ba6439f9b195df5d3c41cc4", "answers": []}, {"question": "What happens when he calls work?", "id": "e6fb9971ffbb4468b16a5c801f7c870a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Harvey remain to pursue Kate?", "id": "313cbef8e4284bbebb753ca7d65d0cd5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who departs for London to attend his daughter Susan's wedding?", "id": "6a404d5fa252492483800fba16e65eae", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has Harvey had a strained relationship with since the divorce?", "id": "70bfb1042b4244aaba5e95a3daef791c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has heart palpitations and is rushed to the hospital?", "id": "28c28d4193634b4ebc99c6818fdda18c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whom did the groom call to dance with his daughter?", "id": "4dab38dff4b64b069cb328bd01f39938", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Harvey trying to catch a flight to?", "id": "a59cb207cd3e4b7c8a632a0ef597e1c3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who writes jingles for television commercials?", "id": "b18d081631074ceb8ff5684b9c01bc99", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Jean's new husband?", "id": "f330fe2138944ad5808fe107498dcda9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was Harvey looking for?", "id": "8a43d5bbc49e40d586927e9a9aed2462", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does he run into at the airport bar?", "id": "10d474ce30b843398f47fb18f951e6d8", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "C.D. \"Charlie\" Bales, the fire chief of the small ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "C.D. \"Charlie\" Bales, the fire chief of the small American ski town of Nelson, Washington, is intelligent, humorous, charismatic, athletic and skilled. Bales is sensitive about his large nose, which many in town have learned to not mention. He is unable to have it surgically altered because of a dangerous allergy to anesthetics. He is close to many in town, especially his godsister, Dixie, who owns the town diner and several rental homes. He becomes immediately attracted to beautiful newcomer Roxanne Kowalski, an astronomy student renting from Dixie while searching for a new comet. She adores Bales, but only as a friend, preferring Chris, a handsome but dim fireman.\nRoxanne goes to Bales for help when Chris fails to advance their relationship further than curious glances. Through a turn of events, she falsely believes Chris is deeply intelligent. When Bales informs Chris of Roxanne's interest, Chris gets sick, intimidated by intelligent women. Chris starts to write her a letter, but takes all day with little result. He convinces Bales to write the letter, with prose that soon bowls over Roxanne. When informed that Roxanne wants to meet him, Chris again gets sick and refuses to meet until Bales comes up with a plan to allow him to be as brilliant as his letter makes him appear. Chris arrives at Roxanne's house with a hunter's cap on, hiding the earphones that relay Bales' words. When the equipment fails, Chris bungles the meeting by speaking his own crass thoughts. After Roxanne storms back into the house furious, Chris begs Bales to fix his mess again. At first he repeats what he is told from under a tree beneath Roxanne's window, but soon also ruins that. Then they switch jackets and hats so Bales can speak the words as Chris. They achieve their goal, and she invites Chris in to make love.\nRoxanne gets word about the comet and has to go out of town for a week. Since she can't find Chris, she gives Bales the address of her hotel and asks him to tell Chris to write to her. Bales writes her several times a day, each letter more incredible than the last. They affect Roxanne so deeply that she returns early. Bales is writing a new letter to her in Dixie's diner when he finds out that Chris (who knows nothing about the letters) is on his way to see Roxanne. He arrives at her home and warns Chris that Roxanne would be mentioning some letters that he supposedly wrote. She tries to get Chris to be the man in the letters, revealing that his looks are only secondary to her. Knowing that his looks are all he has, Chris runs out, leaving her confused. Dixie puts the last letter under her door and after reading it, Roxanne calls Bales over.\nChris prepares to leave town with a bartender, Sandy, whom he met while Roxanne was away. When she asks if he has told Roxanne (the women are acquaintances), he replies that he will write her a letter since he has a history of it.\nBales arrives, unaware that Roxanne knows the truth. She asks him to read one of the letters and then to look at the back, which shows that Dixie revealed its true author. She explodes in anger that he lied to her. He retorts that he simply wanted to tell her how he felt about her, but she was only interested in Chris's face and body. When he reminds her that it only took a few nice words for Chris to get her into bed, she punches him in the face and throws him out. As he prepares to say more he stops and sniffs the air. He slowly walks back to the firehouse and alerts his team, who then \"follow his nose\" until they find and extinguish the fire. During their celebration afterwards, someone mentions his nose and although everyone thinks he will get upset, he doesn't.\nBack home, sitting on his roof, Bales hears someone speaking his words to him. It's Roxanne, declaring that she realizes that it was everything from Bales that she loved, not Chris' ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is C.D.'s god-sister?", "id": "2c2cf492a50b47918104d0cdb8a97371", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whom does C.D. Bales love?", "id": "644a7cf6362840c3a7594386bfe851b2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Roxanne want to observe?", "id": "9c590474b15a4d9ea38beab5a9b07609", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who presents letters to Roxanne?", "id": "1eca34813ce042b1b2d4d07afbb19fde", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who reveals to Roxanne that the letters she thought were written by Chris were actually written for her by C.D.?", "id": "357ea02823fb425da5091695ac1ad42d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who actually writes the letters?", "id": "5cd97cfceec248b2973e27c0d522b9bf", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Roxanne infatuated with?", "id": "f74102d2aaa5438a926bf487808085ad", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which character does Steve Martin play in the film Roxanne?", "id": "552cb15a7e3b4951be395bd0b1c73452", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is C.D. Bales sensitive about?", "id": "24e620e192d6440aaf58d12241327f6a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nBaghdad, in 2004, three soldiers of an Army bomb", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nBaghdad, in 2004, three soldiers of an Army bomb-disposal unit are investigating a report of an improvised explosive device (IED). They use a sophisticated robot drone to examine the device, which consists of several undetonated artillery shells wired together and hidden under plastic/fabric sheets. The unit, led by Sgt. Thompson, decides that they can detonate the IED using plastic explosives that they'll activate from a safe distance. Thompson also says that the explosion won't cause very much property damage and should result in no loss of life.A small cart is affixed to the back of the robot, which is then sent back into the blast zone. Before it can reach the IED, the trailer loses a wheel. Thompson dresses in a bulky bomb suit and walks down to the trailer. He picks it up and carries it to the IED, rigging it properly. As he walks back, his partners, Sgt. Sanborn and Specialist Eldridge, scan the immediate area for anyone they consider suspicious or who may be in the blast zone. When Thompson is about 25 meters from the bomb, but still in the kill zone, Eldridge notices a man running a butcher shop who is using a cellular phone. Eldridge yells to Sanborn and the specialist begins to run toward the man, ordering him to drop his phone. Sanborn tells Eldridge to shoot the man, who presses a sequence of numbers on the phone. The bomb detonates with Thompson still in the kill zone. The overpressure from the bomb kills Thompson despite the bomb suit; a large splash of blood hits the inside of the clear visor on his helmet.Thompson's body is packed into a coffin for shipment home, Sanborn supervises the procedure. He looks over Thompson's possessions for a few moments before the coffin is sealed. Back at the base, Eldridge is sitting in the rec room when the base psychologist, Lt. Col. Cambridge walks in and asks Eldridge how he's feeling (in the wake of Thompson's death). Eldridge is still clearly upset over the incident; he dry fires his rifle several times, suggesting that if he'd shot the man with the cell phone, Thompson might still be alive.A new leader for the team, Sgt. William James, arrives at the base. Sanborn meets him at his housing unit, where James is taking the plywood covers off his windows. When Sanborn suggests that James keep them on because of mortar shrapnel, James tells him that they won't be any good anyway if a mortar shell crashes in through the unit's roof.The next day the team responds to a report of another IED on a narrow street in the city. After the initial investigation, where they link up with the Army platoon that reported the bomb, James is dressed up in a suit similar to the one Thompson wore previously. As James approaches the bomb site, he tosses a smoke grenade, which agitates Sanborn, who can't see James to instruct him further. James also is uncommunicative with his team members, another factor that Sanborn does not appreciate. James finds an artillery shell buried under a small pile of trash. He disarms it easily, and then notices a secondary wire leading away from it. He uncovers the cable and finds it connects to a junction of six more cables. When James pulls on the junction connector, six more shells are uncovered. Another cable leads to a nearby building. James disarms the six new shells; as he does, he notices a man quickly leaving the building, presumably the bomber. James flashes one of the small detonators from one of the shells and smiles at the man, who vanishes from sight. Back at their Humvee, Sanborn tells James that he needs to communicate more during operations and not treat his duty as if it's a solo act. James brushes his teammate off. James does the same later when he and Sanborn talk while grooming themselves for another day's work in the latrine.The team is again called out for another bomb threat. This time, the bomb is in a car parked in front of a United Nations building. When the building is evacuated, James dons ", "qas": [{"question": "Who wants to return home and have a son?", "id": "32916910480d4f26879037eb074b9acb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the new team leader of a U.S. Army Explosive Ordnance Disposal unit?", "id": "48d7a452e0b945b59d04dd27398dcb44", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who openly contemplates killing James?", "id": "713800a611344fda8f6d4e7e8c2be481", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where was Staff Sergeant Matthew Thompson killed?", "id": "0852850b98304323861b4be53e3fba9a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who do the enemy snipers kill?", "id": "d0322659553f448b82c5deb666562654", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does the insurgents capture?", "id": "764117f190504774b462a6fad9f522ff", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who discover the body of young boy?", "id": "ecbda1a3ff284922904b49744b92cc66", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who returns home to his ex-wife?", "id": "669254370a144ff7ac34cc3da0c28bf9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who blames himself for the Colonel's death?", "id": "7b1967d167af4ca5a03254fe6d3ceb7b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Connie?", "id": "035bb089da674088939882f1c22d2e06", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film is concerned chiefly with four topics: Ch", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film is concerned chiefly with four topics: Che\u00c5\u0082mno, where mobile gas vans were first used by Germans to exterminate Jews; the death camps of Treblinka and Auschwitz-Birkenau; and the Warsaw Ghetto, with testimonies from survivors, witnesses, and perpetrators.\nThe sections on Treblinka include testimony from Abraham Bomba, who survived as a barber;[5] Richard Glazar, an inmate; and Franz Suchomel, an SS officer who worked at the camp, who reveals intricate details of the camp's gas chamber. Bomba breaks down while describing how a barber friend of his came across his wife and sister while cutting hair in an anteroom of the gas chamber. Suchomel states he did not know about extermination at Treblinka until he arrived there. This section includes Henryk Gawkowski, who said he drove one of the transport trains while intoxicated with vodka. Gawkowski's photograph appears on the poster used for the film's marketing campaign.\nTestimonies on Auschwitz are provided by Rudolf Vrba, who escaped from the camp before the end of the war; and Filip M\u00c3\u00bcller, who worked in an incinerator burning the bodies from the gassings. M\u00c3\u00bcller recounts what prisoners said to him, and describes the experience of personally going into the gas chamber: bodies were piled up by the doors 'like stones'. He breaks down as he recalls the prisoners starting to sing while being forced into the gas chamber. Accounts include some from local villagers, who witnessed trains heading daily to the camp and returning empty; they quickly guessed the fate of those on board.\nLanzmann also interviews bystanders. He asks whether they knew what was going on in the death camps. Their answers reveal that they did but they justified their inaction by the fear of death. Two survivors of Che\u00c5\u0082mno are interviewed: Simon Srebnik, who was forced to sing military songs to entertain the Nazis; and Mordecha\u00c3\u00af Podchlebnik. Lanzmann also has a secretly filmed interview with Franz Schalling, a German security guard, who describes the workings of Che\u00c5\u0082mno. Walter Stier, a former Nazi bureaucrat, describes the workings of the railways. Stier insists he was too busy managing railroad traffic to notice his trains were transporting Jews to their deaths.\nThe Warsaw ghetto is described by Jan Karski, who worked for the Polish government-in-exile and Franz Grassler, a Nazi administrator who liaised with Jewish leaders. A Christian, Karski snuck into the Warsaw ghetto and escaped to England to try to convince the Allied governments to intervene more strongly on behalf of the Jews, but failed to do so. Memories from Jewish survivors of the Warsaw Ghetto uprising conclude the documentary.\nLanzmann also interviews Holocaust historian Raul Hilberg, who discusses the historical significance of Nazi propaganda against the European Jews, and the Nazi development of the Final Solution. The complete text of the film was published in 1985.\nThe man in the poster[edit]\nDuring his trip to Poland in July 1978, Lanzmann's crew filmed his conversations with an elderly Polish man by the name of Henryk Gawkowski, who, some 35 years earlier, had worked on the locomotives pulling Holocaust trains to Treblinka during World War II.[6] The photograph used for the film poster shows Gawkoski on a locomotive to Treblinka, but there was no reconstruction of events from his youth: the type of locomotives used in 1943 were different, as was the landscape. The female translator insists on calling him the train's operator (or conductor in Polish); nevertheless, Gawkowski informed that he only shoveled coal into the engine's firebox, and that two German officers were always on every train. What happened to the victims, Gawkowski said, was not his fault, adding emphatically that if he had the opportunity, he would have been the first to slash Hitler's throat.[6]\n", "qas": [{"question": "What were some of director Claude Lanzmann's interviews of his subjects filmed in?", "id": "c4ce65e998864b3dbd1db9d5e0a24ae9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe movie begins in the year 1967 with a pregnan", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe movie begins in the year 1967 with a pregnant woman being admitted to a hospital, bleeding from the neck. Paramedics think she was attacked by some type of animal. Doctors perform an emergency C-Section, and her baby (a boy) is born alive just as she dies.Thirty years later a young man named Dennis (Kenny Johnson) is riding in a car with an attractive redhead named Racquel (Traci Lords) heading to an underground nightclub (located, oddly, in a slaughterhouse) somewhere in Los Angeles. After addressing the doorman in Russian, Racquel brings the young man into the club. The man is confused and trying to understand the rules of the club. Some of the regulars indifferently push him aside. Saying he needs a drink, the sprinkler suddenly system activates, raining blood down on everyone inside. It is then that he (and the audience) realizes that everyone in the club is a vampire.Dennis desperately tries to get away and winds up at the feet of a menacing figure in a black-leather trenchcoat. The vampires look on this figure with awe, mumbling the words: \"it's the Daywalker!\" This is our first look at Blade (Wesley Snipes), the vampire killer.Blade pulls out a shotgun and opens fire on the vampires, who instantly burn to ashes when killed. When the gun is knocked out of his hands by Racquel, Blade uses a set of silver stakes to kill Racquel and more vampires, including the disk jockey. Soon all the vamps are either dead or have fled except for one; a heavyset vamp named Quinn (Donal Logue), whom Blade has apparently run into before. Blade pins Quinn to the wall, and then sets him on fire before confronting the last member in the club (the human man from the beginning). Finding no vampire bite marks on Dennis, Blade lets him live and makes his escape as the police arrive.Quinn is extinguished and taken to the local hospital. A morgue technician examines his blood and shows the results to Dr. Karen Jenson (N'Bushe Wright), who finds a number of irregularities, including abnormally developed jaw muscles. As they are discussing the test results, Quinn springs back to life and bites both doctors. Before he can finish Dr. Jenson, Blade shows up and saves her, cutting off one of Quinn's arms.Blade brings Karen to his hideout and asks for help from his mentor, an elderly man named named Whistler (Kris Kristofferson). Whistler injects Dr. Jenson with a solution of garlic essence and silver nitrate and remarks that she has a 50/50 chance of recovering.Meanwhile, a group of vampires are discussing Blade's latest attack on their members. Apparently this club (and to an extent, Quinn) is the property of a vampire named Deacon Frost (Stephen Dorff). Frost wants the vampires to outright rule the humans and use them as a food source while the others (particularly an older vampire named Dragonetti) prefer to maintain a peaceful co-existance. Dragonetti (Udo Kier) in particular does not like Frost because Frost is not a \"pure-blood\" (ie: was not born a vampire, merely became one through the bite of another). Frost is also arrogant and his & the actions of his followers draw unnecessary attention to the vampire underworld.The next morning, Jenson awakens and sees Whistler injecting Blade with some type of serum. She tries to run away but Whistler confronts her and tells her that he and Blade are hunting vampires. Karen of course is skeptical, but Whistler goes on to talk about what they use to hunt- explaining that vampires are severely allergic to silver & garlic while also being vulnerable to sunlight (ultraviolet rays in particular). Whistler fuels up Blade's car and gives him a new UV flashlight to use when hunting that night. Whistler also gives Karen a type of \"vampire mace\" (garlic & silver nitrate in a liquid form).Blade drops Karen off at her apartment and she tries to pack up and get out of town. A police officer, identifying himself as Officer Krieger (Kevin Patrick Walls), arrives and questions her about the events ", "qas": [{"question": "who  has one of the elders executed and strips the others of their authority?", "id": "9f0a4fc0ef2744ae835c2ab7825685cd", "answers": []}, {"question": "who  injects himself with a special serum that prevents him from succumbing?", "id": "9a8a6641a8284079a2cc53a1dbb0fd54", "answers": []}, {"question": "When was the woman attacked?", "id": "aae7ea75d28c43a5a2b4854bf06a0ab7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who owned the rave club?", "id": "2eb8281f04ce428c9df7859f03915fcc", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is the leader of a faction of younger vampires?", "id": "b6eb9366ff964836b5ebfb73ae8c7fbf", "answers": []}, {"question": "who  is attacked by a policeman?", "id": "0659df13a9814163bfd50662eaced67e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What are the weapons made out of?", "id": "c1b3f0a4d82741ff8284ba1a4de39c28", "answers": []}, {"question": "Instead of a cure, what does Blade ask for?", "id": "2ddf85d78efd4231ab24f9aa73bdd513", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who became a vampire hunter?", "id": "1950f4ecd02c460f93d9370fb0e2f9a9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nYosemite Sam is on the hunt for a rabbit, and sm", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nYosemite Sam is on the hunt for a rabbit, and smells Bugs cooking carrots over a rotisserie. When an audience member attempts to leave, Yosemite Sam forces him back into his seat at gunpoint and breaks the fourth wall, threatening to kill anyone who tries to leave the theatre, fearing they could spoil his plan.Sam corners Bugs, and tells him he will be killed at the count of 10. During the countdown, Bugs takes out a piece of bubble gum, chews it, and jams Sam's rifle with it. When Sam fires, he is enveloped in a bubble gum bubble. The bubble is virtually weightless and highly durable; Bugs blows it away, and it falls over a cliff. Sam frantically blows upward, which causes the bubble to stop falling and drift up again. However, Bugs is waiting at the top of the cliff, and he uses a pin to burst the bubble. Sam is enveloped in the sticky remains of the bubble, and sticks to the ground when he falls, bouncing upward repeatedly.Sam chases after Bugs again, managing to get the bubble gum off his body. He forces Bugs out of his hole with a shovel, and marches him to his house at gunpoint.Sam prepares to cook Bugs in a wood stove. Bugs throws Sam's hat into the fire, but when Sam goes to retrieve it, he retrieves a piece of burning firewood by mistake. He quickly gets his hat again, and orders Bugs into the oven (again at gunpoint). While Sam sets the table, he is surprised to find Bugs calmly exiting the oven, retrieving a pitcher of water and a fan, and stepping inside again. Sam is not pleased, but Bugs opens the door again and asks for a bottle opener, which Sam gives to him. The sounds of a party can be heard inside the oven.Bugs exits the oven again to get some ice and chairs, then returns once more and empties two full ashtrays into Sam's hat. When Bugs emerges for the fifth time, he is covered with lipstick marks, and tells Sam plenty of girls are waiting for him inside. Sam quickly puts on a bowtie, and steps into the oven, prompting Bugs to slam the door. Bugs \"warms the party up\" by throwing some more firewood into the stove, but then decides he's gone too far with this prank.He opens the oven door to tell Sam about the prank, but is flabbergasted to find an actual party taking place inside the oven. He excitedly dives into the oven to join the party, emerging one more time to quip to the audience, \"I don't ask questions, I just have fun!\" Iris out.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the bubble that surrounds Sam is made of?", "id": "e8b7e8e5635d4c6dacab325a1daf14e7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is putting wood in the oben in the beginning?", "id": "aaa72be8ef7f4381b0ddb9bf2140559b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Bugs use to break Sam's bubble?", "id": "61e720c74bd24b518a2bb2f2755dae9d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Bugs see when he looks back in the oven?", "id": "42e0639f819c4724969f15df3ba914cd", "answers": []}, {"question": "What quote does  Bugs say in the end ?", "id": "0151650ceb1448c099c8d361d2a6e4f8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Sam takes Bugs at the end of the movie?", "id": "e8a37455458546148629276d51ce839d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Bugs say at the end?", "id": "3cae8e40fdd54ec08ea44c82a7596710", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Bugs put in the gun?", "id": "45a35f506ec44c85802a313618c0208d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nLinda Westinghouse [Ewa Str\u00f6mberg], a lawyer wit", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nLinda Westinghouse [Ewa Str\u00f6mberg], a lawyer with the Istanbul firm of Simpson & Sons, is sent to Anatolia to handle the inheritance of Countess Nadine Carody, recipient of the entire estate of Count Dracula of Hungary. To Linda's surprise, Nadine [Soledad Miranda] is the strange woman who has been haunting her dreams for the past several weeks. Nadine is also a vampire and, after sharing a swim, a glass of wine, and some kisses, Nadine bites Linda's neck and drinks some of her blood. When Linda comes to and goes in search of Nadine, she finds her floating in the swimming pool, apparently dead. The next thing Linda knows, she is being treated at Dr Aldon Seward's clinic, bewildered as to how she got there and amnesic as to her name and address. Dr Seward [Dennis Price] puts a notice in the newspaper, which brings Linda's boyfriend Omar [Andr\u00e9s Monales] looking for her. Linda remembers Omar but still remembers nothing that went on at Countess Carody's beachhouse. Her only memory is of the Countess lying dead in the swimming pool and then being alone at sea. She wonders if it was all a dream.However, Nadine is not dead. She is languishing on a couch, telling her renfield Morpho [Jos\u00e9 Mart\u00ednez Blanco] how she became a vampire (Dracula saved her from being raped and initiated her into the secret of the vampires) and how she now hates men and is so infatuated with Linda that she must make Linda into a vampire, too. Hearing Nadine calling to her, Linda goes. Nadine drinks a bit more of Linda's blood. Later, Linda consults with Dr Seward who tells her that, if she wishes to extract herself from the spell of the vampire, she must either split the vampire's head with an axe or pierce it with a pole.Meanwhile, one of Dr Seward's patients, Agra [Heidrun Kussin], who has been alternately babbling about the Queen of the Night (Nadine) coming to see her and then abandoning her, now suddenly announces that the Queen is going to come to the sanitarium to meet Seward. Nadine shows up at the sanitarium, angry with Seward for trying to take Linda away from her. Seward admits that he only did it to get Nadine to come to him. He wants to become initiated into the world of the vampires. When Nadine refuses and Seward starts shouting Latin at her, Nadine gets Morpho to kill Seward while she pays a visit with Agra in order to tell her that she's going to leave her again.Meanwhile, Linda goes missing. Omar enlists the help of Linda's shrink, Dr Steiner [Paul Muller], in tracking down Nadine in hopes of finding Linda. Actually, Linda is being held by Memmet [Jesus Franco], the bellboy at her hotel. Turns out Memmet was Agra's husband before she became bewitched by Nadine. Memmet has fallen for Linda and wants to kill her, but Linda kills him first and then escapes. Steiner and Omar go to Nadine's house in Istanbul, but she and Morpho have returned to their beachhouse in Anatolia. Linda goes there, too. She finds Nadine lying in bed, dying. Nadine begs Linda for some blood, but Linda doesn't want to be under Nadine's power and stabs her through the eye. Nadine's body disappears. Morpho kills himself. Omar and Steiner arrive on a boat. Omar tries to convince Linda that it was all a dream, but Linda knows better. [Original Synopsis by bj_kuehl.]\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who begins having dreams about Nadine?", "id": "1e87c8b5138d46b592acfbeab17e8a97", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who kidnaps Linda?", "id": "b5a6340ce8b547a1a98e5d413033efd7", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Nadine need to survive?", "id": "9969a4425b9b49918aacb0b3116ba5ed", "answers": []}, {"question": "How does Nadine have to remove the vampire's curse?", "id": "2159e39d6f47485292f1009c86b71378", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Agra have visions of>", "id": "de1906712ee34a9394e8c25abab9f714", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the beautiful bloodsucker?", "id": "b63b6cfa43974fdea268a3f8fdce7d99", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nSet on the campus of a small New England college", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nSet on the campus of a small New England college, the film focuses on the volatile relationship of a middle-aged couple: associate history professor George (Richard Burton) and his hard-drinking wife Martha (Elizabeth Taylor), the daughter of the college president.It's 2:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning, and they have returned from one of her father's gatherings. Martha announces she has invited a young couple--Nick (George Segal), a young, good-looking, newly appointed instructor, and his mousey wife Honey (Sandy Dennis)--to join them for late-night drinks. George is disturbed because she did so without consulting him first, prompting Martha to launch into the first of many loud and lengthy tirades during which she taunts and criticizes him. Knowing his wife is drunk and quite lewd, he asks her to behave herself when they arrive, and when the doorbell rings, he warns her to refrain from mentioning their child to their company.Overhearing Martha's crude retort as the door opens, Nick and Honey immediately feel ill at ease and quickly find themselves caught in the middle of a verbal war zone when their efforts to engage in small talk set off a volley of insults between their hosts. Martha begins to flirt lewdly with Nick while his meek wife tries to pretend she is unaware of what is happening.While Martha is showing Honey where the bathroom is, George tests Nick's verbal sparring skills, but the young man is no match for his host. Realizing he and his wife are becoming embroiled in the middle of marital warfare, he suggests they depart, but George cajoles him into staying.Upon returning to the living room alone, Honey innocently mentions to George she was unaware he and Martha had a son on the verge of celebrating his 16th birthday. Martha reappears in a new outfit--form-fitting slacks and a revealing blouse--and when her husband makes a snide remark about the ensemble, she begins to demean his abilities as a teacher, then escalates her seduction of Nick, complimenting him on the body he developed as both a quarterback and an intercollegiate state boxing champion while criticizing George's paunch. She informs their guests about a past incident when George refused to engage in a friendly outdoor boxing match with his father-in-law and Martha put on a pair of gloves and punched him in the jaw, knocking him into the bushes. As she relates the story, George aims a shotgun at the back of her head, causing Honey to scream. He pulls the trigger, which releases an umbrella, while he tells his wife she's dead.Honey again raises the subject of George and Martha's son, prompting the couple to engage in a conversation Martha quickly tries to end without success. To counterattack George's relentless comments about the boy, she tells their guests her husband is unsure the child is his own, although he most assuredly is. They argue about the color of the boy's eyes until George threatens to expose the truth about the boy. Furious, Martha accuses him of being a failure whose youthful, idealistic plans for the future slowly deteriorated as he came to realize he wasn't aggressive enough to follow in his father-in-law's footsteps, leaving her stuck with a flop. George cuts the diatribe short by spinning Honey around and mockingly singing, \"Who's afraid of Virginia Woolf?\", a joke the shrewed Martha had made herself during the party earlier that evening.Inebriated and on the verge of throwing up from George's spinning, Honey rushes from the room. Martha goes to the kitchen to make coffee, and George and Nick go outside. The younger man confesses he was attracted to Honey more for her family's money than passion, and married her only because she mistakenly believed she was pregnant. George describes his own marriage as one of never-ending accommodation and adjustment, then admits he considers Nick a threat. George also tells a story about a boy he grew up with. This boy had accidentally killed his mother. Years later, George claims the boy was driving with his father. He swerved to \"miss a porcupine\" in the road, ", "qas": [{"question": "Who accuses Nick of being sexually inadequate?", "id": "31a6f4e994c242599dbb28e4847d9451", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who suggested they stop and dance?", "id": "3a95e27aab8c47b2974386dad87ac198", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Nick's profession?", "id": "1b9e4b2e0f664bec884a34a0380606bb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who suggestively dances with Martha?", "id": "f66aa5b268944415ac1e6a74ffe3cf19", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who killed the son?", "id": "69515c3de345416cb276b852dff4bfef", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is George angry with?", "id": "84d4b9d2b754451a97fd74401193ba07", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is left alone with Martha?", "id": "3cc3cd0fb6394c8c91789b6e58b5f5e5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Martha taunt?", "id": "8963fecc18974adeb4c4a14e5ca023b0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who goes to make coffee?", "id": "895ad263bebf45e4b4196e8613d30f07", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Nick's wife?", "id": "94e8fa22168643408e8ce5875658556c", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is George's profession?", "id": "1c91df6e96eb41a99a8b0ebf5cd3d541", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is half conscious on the back seat?", "id": "22d3b1bc26ce4c7abb65461488b9ddc6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who alluded to the fact George may have murdered his parents?", "id": "c6eadf7d4d1d49ada380a7e364978597", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who begged George?", "id": "1f3c060d960649e2b3f1f4547ba1e691", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This section's plot summary may be too long or exc", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This section's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (July 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)\nThe film's premise is that there is another way to heaven than adherence to the practices of the Roman Catholic Church. A secular Sin Eater can remove all taint of sin, no matter how foul, from the soul just before death. The purified soul can then ascend into heaven. The Roman Catholic Church, according to the film, considers this heresy.\nHeath Ledger plays an unhappy and disillusioned priest, Alex Bernier, a member of a fictitious religious order The Carolingians which specializes in fighting demons and other hell spawn. Father Dominic, the head of the Carolingians, has died in Rome under suspicious circumstances and Alex leaves the United States to investigate. In Rome, Alex visits the morgue and sees strange markings on Dominic's corpse. After some investigation, he comes across a book that explains the markings as being the sign of a Sin Eater's work. He heads to the Vatican, where an official tells him that Sin Eaters don't exist and that Dominic may not be buried on sacred ground because he had been excommunicated for his beliefs. Alex, moving ever farther from his vocation, defies his superiors and secretly reads a holy service over the body and buries Dominic in the Carolingian cemetery (the service takes place off screen but is referred to later).\nThomas Garrett, another Carolingian (there seem to have only been a total of three including Dominic), arrives in Rome to help investigate Dominic's death.\nEarly in the film we meet Mara Williams, an artist Alex once exorcised, who has escaped from a mental hospital and come to Alex at his church in the USA because she has a feeling that something terrible is going to happen to him. The police come looking for her, but Alex lies and denies that he's seen her and through this exchange we learn that Mara was in the hospital because she had tried to kill Alex during the exorcism. Mara goes to Rome with Alex after promising that she won't try to kill him again.\nCardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), who is introduced at the beginning of the film and who is tipped to be the next Pope, arrives in Rome from the USA and gives Alex a special dagger. According to a fragment of parchment Alex and Thomas find among Dominic's books, the dagger is to be plunged into the Sin Eater while reciting a text in Aramaic. Alex and Thomas take these instructions to mean that the dagger and incantation will kill the Sin Eater and they begin hunting for the Sin Eater and the remainder of the parchment instructions.\nThomas leads Alex to a nightclub where they are taken to the underground base of operations of a masked man called Chirac, the 'Black Pope.' The Black Pope owes a favor to Thomas and Alex asks where to find the Sin Eater. The Black Pope then hangs three people and tells Alex to ask his question of the dying men who can see what the living cannot. One of the dying tells Alex a riddle that leads to a rendezvous with the Sin Eater.\nOn the way out of the Black Pope's headquarters, demons attack and injure Thomas, but Alex saves him and gets him to a hospital.\nAlex leaves Thomas in the hospital and meets the Sin Eater, William Eden, at St. Peter's Cathedral who explains that he has been a Sin Eater for centuries, taking over for an earlier Sin Eater (a Carolingian priest) who ate the sins of Eden's brother. Eden is very charismatic and talks with Alex about the priest's desires, and Alex admits he wants Mara. He then goes and presumably tells Mara this, and they make love. Afterward, Alex leaves Mara asleep and goes to Eden, who tells Alex that he is tired and ready to die and asks Alex to take his place. Alex has the dagger with him, but is curious and so doesn't use it to kill Eden. Instead, he assists Eden with a sin eating ", "qas": [{"question": "Who wanted Alex to take his place and become the next sin-eater?", "id": "1225805634a04d5b97440189430a123e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the name of the old comrade Alex enlisted help from?", "id": "2ec1d500b27b4589abc10ce26b9d5171", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the arcane order of priests known as?", "id": "0dc6a9ef7bc24afdac122a137492f913", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Webb Garwood (Van Heflin), a disgruntled cop, is c", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Webb Garwood (Van Heflin), a disgruntled cop, is called to investigate a voyeur by Susan Gilvray (Evelyn Keyes). Her husband works nights as an overnight radio personality. Webb falls in love with the young and attractive married woman.\nObsessed, he woos her despite her initial reluctance and the two begin an adulterous affair. Webb finds out about an insurance policy on the husband's life. He dreams up a scheme in which a phantom \"prowler\" would be a good scapegoat if Susan's husband should happen to die mysteriously. After becoming a prowler himself, Webb \"investigates\" and then commits the murder, making it look like a tragic accident with he and the husband shooting at each other as each suspected the other of being the prowler. Webb's ruse fools a coroner's jury, thanks in part to both Susan and Webb testifying that they didn't know each other prior to her husband's death. Susan initially suspects Webb of foul play, but becomes convinced of his innocence and subsequently marries him.\nShortly after the wedding, Susan informs Webb that she has been pregnant for four months. This is problematic because the date of the child's conception would prove the two had lied in their testimony to cover up their previous relationship, and would thus suggest that Webb's killing of Susan's husband had not been an accident. The two run away to a ghost town named Calico to have the baby without anyone back home knowing. Susan goes into premature labor and Webb finds a doctor, Dr. William James (Wheaton Chambers). Susan realizes that Webb intends to kill Dr. James to preserve their secret, so she warns the doctor who then escapes with the newborn.\nSusan tells Webb that she knows what he had planned to do and that she now realizes that he intentionally murdered her husband. Realizing the doctor will send the police after him, Webb drives away, leaving his wife in Calico alone. On the way out of town, he find the road blocked by his former partner on the police force who was coming to pay a visit. While attempting to get around his friend's car, Webb sees several police cars coming so he heads for the hills on foot. He refuses to stop and a sheriff's deputy shoots him dead.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who killed the Prowler?", "id": "193fe1eecf1c4607ab2a44bf2028b19e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is killed first?", "id": "6e4bb00fd12744adbed50733d6b8d68d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film depicts a future in which human beings,", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film depicts a future in which human beings, known as \"Oms\" (a word play on the French-language word hommes, meaning men), have been brought by the giant Draags to the Draags' home planet, where they are kept as pets (with collars). The Draags are an alien race which is humanoid in shape but a hundred times larger than humans, with blue skin, fan-like earlobes and huge, protruding red eyes. The Draags also live much longer than human beings one Draag week equals a human year. Some Oms are domesticated as pets, but others run wild, and are periodically exterminated. The Draags' treatment of the Oms is ironically contrasted with their high level of technological and spiritual development.The story opens with a woman running, occasionally looking behind her as if pursued. An enormous hand descends and blocks her way. She runs back the way she came and finds her way blocked by another hand. It becomes apparent that she is being toyed with by entities that do not appreciate her fragility, and as she dies, the infant she has been carrying and attempting to protect begins to cry.The view changes to reveal the Draag children who have accidentally killed the woman; they leave quickly when an adult Draag and child approach. The child voices concern for the orphaned infant, and the two take the child to their home. Tiva (the Draag child) names the infant Terr (word play on \"terrible\", same spelling in French; also a homophone for the French \"Terre\", meaning Earth). Her father, whom the adult Terr voice-over explains is master Sinh, the Draag great Aedile, attaches a collar capable of physically dragging Terr back from mischief, and over the next several scenes, their relationships develop.Terr witnesses the parents seemingly ingesting food by inhaling it from a device. After changing Terr's costume as one would a doll's, Tiva uses makeup to give herself a more Om-like appearance. When Terr impishly trades dark pigment for light, Tiva blows some of the powder on him. Tiva uses a tiny indoor weather-maker to cause a small storm cloud to form over Terr and chase him around the dwelling. Tiva takes Terr for a walk, and then teaches him how, under certain circumstances, crystals will form on stationary objects, including standing bipeds. She also teaches him that whistling will shatter the crystals. Terr happens upon master Sinh as he and several compatriots are melding in a ritual, and it is revealed that many Draag children have Oms like Terr when they convene to watch their respective Oms interact.Tiva's education is supplied by the use of a headset that transmits knowledge directly into the brain of the user. Because she enjoys having Terr in her hand when she is having her \"infos,\" Terr begins to acquire their knowledge.Meanwhile, at the seat of government, Draag Councilors discuss whether the regular extermination of the wild Oms is sufficient to keep their numbers at an acceptable level. It is revealed that Oms were first found on a planet that retained some evidence of structured life, but the images seem to reveal that Earth was in a post-apocalyptic state at the time.Terr decides to escape, and to take the headset with him. He does not get very far before Tiva realizes he is missing, and her mother tells her to use her bracelet to bring him back. Terr finds himself suddenly being dragged backward by the collar. Only the headset becoming entangled in plants allows a wild female Om to come to his rescue before he is choked by the collar or dragged all the way back.When Terr explains that the headset contains the knowledge of the Draags but he doesn't know where to go with it, his unnamed rescuer takes him to her tribe, who live in a tree in a walled park. When it is demonstrated that Terr can read Draag script, the leader (known only as \"Mighty One\") is willing to accept Terr into the tribe, but the Wizard is not, and demands a trial by combat to the death. Terr and the Wizard's champion have child", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of Than moon?", "id": "0fb961b51cc6448f9d0a0e06260b0463", "answers": []}, {"question": "What planet were the Oms brought to?", "id": "800c5a794c9b4fcf83b3baa655d89a05", "answers": []}, {"question": "What color are the Draags?", "id": "047ac83c47d9414091550c2b3906e468", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nAnna Foster (Mandy Moore) is the daughter of the", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nAnna Foster (Mandy Moore) is the daughter of the President of the United States, James (Mark Harmon) and First Lady Michelle Foster (Caroline Goodall).When a hassle of Secret Service agents ruins a first date, Anna demands some freedom. Her dad agrees to send only two agents with Anna and Gabrielle La Clare (Beatrice Rosen) to a concert when Anna goes to Prague with her parents. A sexy new look for Anna causes her father to renege. When Anna discovers the concert is filled with agents and that her father has broken his promise, Gabrielle helps Anna elude her protectors. Outside the concert, Anna meets Ben Calder (Matthew Goode), and asks him to drive her to escape the agents. Anna goes to a bar with Ben and proceeds to get drunk. Unbeknownst to Anna, Ben is with the Secret Service, and tells agents Alan Weiss (Jeremy Piven) and Cynthia Morales (Annabella Sciorra) where Anna is. The President orders the three agents to have Ben guard Anna without telling her who he really is, to give her an illusion of freedom with a guarantee of safety. Believing herself free of her guards for the first time in years, Anna jumps into the Vltava River naked, mistaking it for the Danube, and Ben has to fish her out (he stays clothed). Weiss and Morales buy the camera from someone taking pictures of the skinny-dipping Anna. Anna and Ben climb a rooftop to watch an opera being shown in a plaza, where Anna eventually falls asleep with Ben guarding her, and Weiss and Morales watching from another roof.The next morning, Anna calls her parents to avoid getting into further trouble with them. Knowing she is safe, her father is initially indulgent, and Anna is about to return, but his tone changes when he is shown the photos of her nude in the river. The First Lady, however, asks, \"What happened to 'let freedom ring?'\" (That had been his earlier line when he had decided to let her stay out with Ben.) Anna is outraged at both her dad's sudden imperious tone and finding out that he traced her call. She decides to meet Gabrielle at the Love Parade in Berlin and return to her parents right before the plane trip home. Ben goes with her on the train, where they meet Scotty McGruff (Martin Hancock), a flighty romantic obsessed with Six Million Dollar Man stickers and the interconnectivity of the world, he gives them a stack of stickers and tells them to stick them up in random places, then one day when they are unhappy, they will see one and it will make them smile. Through him, the two learn that they have boarded a Venice-bound train. When they arrive in Venice, Ben calls the other agents to tell them where they are but has to leave the phone dangling when he realizes he can no longer see Anna. He finds her and McGruff getting new clothes, and the three explore Venice - until McGruff steals their wallets. Ben is about to tell the cafe they cannot pay when Anna is recognized and races off to avoid being identified as the First Daughter. Ben follows, and they tell a story of marrying, against the wishes of Anna's parents, to get a gondola ride from a kind-hearted gondolier, Eugenio (Joseph Long). Ben kisses Anna during the ride to hide her from the cafe staff's sight. Since they have no place to stay, Eugenio invites them to his and his mother Maria's (Miriam Margolyes) house. That night, thinking the kiss meant that Ben cares for her, Anna offers herself to him. To dissuade her, Ben is disingenuous and harsh. Anna finally gets in the bed alone, while Ben lies on the floor.The next day, Eugenio drives them to the Austrian border, as Weiss and Morales show up at Maria's looking for the gondolier with whom Anna and Ben were last seen. Maria tells them that Anna and Ben are married, which is reported to Anna's parents. Upset that Ben rejected her, Anna gets a ride on a truck, leaving Ben to ", "qas": [{"question": "Where did Anna Jump into naked?", "id": "465e07a4a6ce4786b06ae6c7c001f581", "answers": []}, {"question": "James Foster has an upcoming trip to where?", "id": "886a2787614746168e684abd83f05347", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Anna and Ben meet on the train?", "id": "d58a3bc75a08445c8592742e67c30ba8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Anna's mode of transportation outside of the theater?", "id": "8d6e378299454fbc961fab165b1433d0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the gondolier?", "id": "a80090ff707d491dabfa2d1962adc949", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do Anna and her family return to?", "id": "1f7ed54ee5da4925bfb721da201e5d0e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Anna's dad occupation?", "id": "2cac7ad92871418387df2f77680f1376", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Anna flirt with?", "id": "9878a66a6a24487eb7e804743afc23b0", "answers": []}, {"question": "What city are Ben and Anna in?", "id": "b21a749f3d44447fa574f5fb0417929f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nJohn Strangways, the British Intelligence (SIS) ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nJohn Strangways, the British Intelligence (SIS) Station Chief in Jamaica, is ambushed, killed, and his body taken by three assassins known as the \"Three Blind Mice\". In response, MI6 agent James Bond (007) is summoned to the office of his superior, M. Bond is briefed to investigate Strangways' disappearance and to determine whether it is related to his cooperation with the American Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) on a case involving the disruption of Cape Canaveral rocket launches by radio jamming.Upon his arrival at Kingston Airport, a female photographer tries to take Bond's picture and he is shadowed from the airport. He is picked up by a chauffeur, who Bond determines to be an enemy agent. Bond instructs him to leave the main road and, after a brief fight, Bond starts to interrogate the driver, who then kills himself with a cyanide-embedded cigarette.During his investigation Bond sees a picture of a boatman named Quarrel with Strangways. Bond locates Quarrel but finds him to be un-cooperative when he interviews him. Bond also recognises Quarrel to have been the driver of the car that chased him from the airport. Bond follows Quarrel and is about to be beaten by him and a friend when the fight is interrupted by the man from the airport who has been following Bond: he reveals himself to be CIA agent Felix Leiter and that not only are the two agents on the same mission, but also that Quarrel is helping Leiter. The CIA has traced the mysterious radio jamming of American rockets to the Jamaica vicinity, but aerial photography cannot see the exact location of its origin. Quarrel reveals that he has been guiding Strangways around the nearby islands to collect mineral samples. He also tells about the island of Crab Key, owned by the reclusive Dr. No, who operates a bauxite mine which is rigorously protected against trespassers by an armed security force and low-scan radar.After finding a receipt in Strangways' house about mysterious rocks naming, Professor R.J. Dent, Bond meets with Dent who says he had assayed the samples for Strangways and determined them to be ordinary rocks. This visit makes Dent wary and he takes a boat to Crab Key where Dr. No expresses displeasure at Dent's failure to kill Bond and orders him to try again, this time with a large venomous spider. Bond survives and kills the spider.Bond becomes friendly with Strangways' secretary, Miss Taro and agrees to meet her at her home in the hills above Kingston. While driving there, Bond is attacked by several men driving a large hearse. He is able to outmaneuver them and the hearse is run off the mountain road and explodes. When Bond shows up at Taro's house, she's surprised to see him, a fact that Bond notes easily. She goes into her bedroom and talks on the phone to her boss, who tells her to keep Bond occupied for a few hours. Bond and Taro spend that time in bed.Bond makes a phone call, ostensibly asking for a taxi but actually talking to the local police, who show up soon after and arrest Taro. Bond then sets a trap for Dent and waits for him to show. Dent steals into the bedroom and fires several silenced shots into the bed, which Bond rigged to look like it was occupied. Bond forces Dent to drop his pistol and begins to interrogate him about Strangways and his radioactive rock samples, which Dent tried to cover up. Dent is able to recover his pistol, finding it empty and Bond coldly shoots him dead.Having detected radioactive traces in Quarrel's boat, where Strangways' mineral samples had been, Bond convinces a reluctant Quarrel to take him to Crab Key. On the beach there, Bond meets the beautiful Honey Ryder, dressed only in a white bikini, who is collecting shells. At first she is suspicious of Bond but soon decides to help him, leading them all inland to an open swamp. After nightfall they are attacked by the legendary \"dragon\" of Crab Key which turns out to be a flame-throwing armoured vehicle. In the resulting gun battle, Quarrel is incinerated by the flame-thrower whilst Bond and Honey are ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Bond meet at Crab Key?", "id": "f43304cad329422b85616a2beea9f851", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who ordered Dent to kill Bond?", "id": "646f2c26d6ca4b21b97ba32ef4c13f38", "answers": []}, {"question": "who finds a receipt?", "id": "59834a043fc14738a026ecb1eced2604", "answers": []}, {"question": "whom is quarrel helping ?", "id": "a21b2e2fd8144877b58a4f486997c630", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Bond convince a reluctant Quarrel to take him to ?", "id": "687563d8355d44a1bf1d1b337c0be880", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did Dent took the boat to?", "id": "462fce858dcd45e8a0b5d24c2bf4f4fb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the MI6 agent?", "id": "73edaf842d60469fbf9214dfead32049", "answers": []}, {"question": "bond meets whom?", "id": "b61e5e18a3dd46a0bab9e1ee35438342", "answers": []}, {"question": "who signed in receipt?", "id": "e418014ea6be426b928f38a2fde5e6ad", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who tries to take Bond's picture ?", "id": "aa15d69e4f364782837ae246bfaf7000", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is the Project Mercury space launch?", "id": "ba84e7b846cf4145b08b84ae9db967d9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is shadowed by two men ?", "id": "81ae5da2a00246fa98bd7c3873e4ff3a", "answers": []}, {"question": "who owns the island of crab key ?", "id": "e353f60855164c8fac6361f486b706bd", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was detected in Quarrel's boat?", "id": "151c31739824409db6d20fbc72965103", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is briefed to investigate Strangways' disappearance?", "id": "7804c18222524b5c8d3312d78f5fb4cf", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who signed the receipt Bond found at Strangways' house?", "id": "d3a0ea36e4564d7dbcea337d9339afef", "answers": []}, {"question": "what is the name of the boatman ?", "id": "f5249162ba294fc8aa554dd5fdb0db96", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Bond capture?", "id": "01729cb6059244d48d8af2c62ea7633d", "answers": []}, {"question": "what material dent use to kill bond?", "id": "fe3b67e5ba05446c947d69e9ea1b5c05", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In 1982, in New Jersey, Gracie (Mary Ashleigh Gree", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In 1982, in New Jersey, Gracie (Mary Ashleigh Green) is in a school playground where one boy is bullying another. She steps in and beats up the bully to help the victim, a boy she likes. But instead of being grateful, he feels humiliated at being rescued \"by a girl,\" and gets angry at her. She promptly punches him in the nose and then sulks alone in the playground.\nFast-forward to the present day, and Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) is an FBI Special Agent. In the middle of an operation against Russian mobsters, the target starts to choke on some food, and Gracie disobeys her superior's command in order to prevent the target from choking. As a result, a member of her squad gets shot, and she is reprimanded by being reassigned to a desk job.\nSoon afterwards, the bureau learns that there has been a bomb threat against the 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant in San Antonio, Texas, which the bureau determines came from the notorious domestic terrorist known as \"The Citizen\". Gracie's partner, Special Agent Eric Matthews (Benjamin Bratt), is chosen to lead the mission to prevent the attack. Despite Eric's position as a lead agent in charge, it is apparent that Gracie is the more capable agent, as Eric is unsure of how to proceed and takes credit for Gracie's suggestions. One of Gracie's suggestions is to put an agent undercover at the pageant. Gracie's male colleagues then proceed to have a bit of fun running the digital images of female and male agents through a website meant for children to play dress up with their dolls. Despite the immature and chauvinistic actions of the agents, Eric recognizes that Gracie is the female FBI agent best qualified for the undercover job.\nBeauty pageant coach Victor Melling (Michael Caine), whose reputation was ruined after his last contestant criticized his methods, teaches the tomboyish Gracie how to dress, walk, and act like a contestant. She is not used to such behavior, however, and sees the pageant and its participants as \"antifeminist \". Eventually though Victor and Gracie come to respect each other's strengths. Representing New Jersey as \"Gracie Lou Freebush\", Gracie impresses the audience by playing the glass harp and demonstrating self-defense techniques during the talent competition. She also unexpectedly becomes friends with the other contestants, in particular Miss Rhode Island, Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns)\nSeveral suspects emerge, including the corrupt competition director and former pageant winner Kathy Morningside (Candice Bergen); her unpleasant assistant Frank Tobin (Steve Monroe); the veteran pageant MC Stan Fields (William Shatner) who, like Kathy, is being replaced with a younger person; and last but not least Cheryl, who appears to have a history as a radical animal rights activist. While Gracie takes Cheryl and some of the other girls out partying, in an attempt to seek out more information about Cheryl's past through \"girl talk\", The Citizen is arrested elsewhere on an unrelated charge. After hearing what some of the other contestants said about Kathy Morningside's past (she won the pageant only after the original winner \"mysteriously\" contracted food poisoning), Gracie begins to suspect her, and is worried about the safety of the girls. Her boss thinks that her suspicions are groundless and that the pageant is out of danger now that the Citizen has been arrested. He calls off the mission. Gracie opts to turn in her badge and gun and continue the investigation alone. Eric initially fails to support Gracie and is about to return to the bureau when he figures out that Gracie's suspicions must be correct, and returns to help her.\nIn the final round of the pageant, Gracie earns 1st Runner up while Cheryl becomes Miss United States. Gracie realizes that Kathy Morningside and Frank Tobin \u00e2\u0080\u0094 unknown to anyone (except Victor) is Kathy's son \u00e2\u0080\u0094 impersonated \"The Citizen\" and made the threat. Because she was going to be fired after the pageant was over, Kathy and her son were planning to murder the newly crowned pageant winner on stage by putting an explosive device in her ", "qas": [{"question": "Who issues the threat against the 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant?", "id": "36578d06e4a9441594f2d52d38e606e7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Gracie Hart sulk?", "id": "9d6312de26354d5fa6557025fd09ad07", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Gracie Hart work?", "id": "3c7d9f15771744cc963c5742e1cf2722", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Victor Melling's profession?", "id": "83ed3c0081f7469e988c3b5b57f5154c", "answers": []}, {"question": "When does Hart give up her badge and gun?", "id": "d028cb527bdf4623be556c75042f6d55", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who played Stan Fields?", "id": "ce24602da94e4afaaf4c260392f7dc61", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which instrument does Hart play in the movie?", "id": "d79dfbac7a8c46abb54ac9ebedcf0941", "answers": []}, {"question": "What profession does Benjamin Bratt play in the film?", "id": "d850cbd195d0439d8141ffa5f213bd3b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the runner up to Fraiser?", "id": "0745494740fe48a0b40f6093045e74ff", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who leads the mission to stop the attack?", "id": "69427bacfa65475cb6b8307962a9d8b3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whose suspicions were correct?", "id": "d7b32963fe9047a4a45e1c766c17a65c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe scene opens with Ellen (Sharon Stone) riding", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe scene opens with Ellen (Sharon Stone) riding across the prairie toward a town, when an idiot digging multiple holes looking for his gold, shoots at her. She falls off her horse and knocks him out as he checks to see if she is dead. After chaining him to his wagon, she continues into town. A large, single elimination gun fighting tournament is about to begin and she is looking for revenge on the man ( Herod/Gene Hackman) who killed her father. She arrives at the bar/hotel. Ace Hanlon shows off his deck of cards with an ace for every man he has killed. Soon, the saloon comes to life as Scars who just got out of jail, comes back to settle a score. He makes a move on Ellen, and she tells him to take a bath. Scars gets angry and kicks the blind boy's peddling wagon, as he was talking to Ellen. Later at the drafting of the tournament, the saloon owner is to sign up 16 gunfighters. Among them are The Kid (Leonardo DiCaprio), Sgt. Cantrell (Kieth David), Cort, the marksman and odds on favorite (Russell Crowe) though he was signed up against his will. Cort was an outlaw who became a preacher and built a mission. Since he was one of Herod's partners in crime, Herod now wants Cort dead. Also in the contest is Ace Hanlon ( Lance Herrickson), A Swedish Champ. and of course Herod. Anyone can challenge anyone, and each fighter must accept the first challenge. Ellen is challenged by the idiot who was digging for his lost gold. But up first was the Kid and he quickly shot the Swede and the winner is the last standing.The Swede was shot twice and then threw his gun down. Also winning, were Stg. Cantrell, Scars, and Eugene the scumbag. Herod has challenged Ace(because he thinks Ace was hired to kill him) and one of Herod's men challenged Cort. After Rusty, another of Herod's men has beaten Cort up as he was chained to a fountain in the middle of the village. Herod has Cort released so that he can go to the Kid's gun store. Herod gives Cort the cheapest gun in the place. The Kid also has told everyone that Herod was his father. Herod denies that and rubs it in the Kid's face. Then Cort went out to a fight that he refused to be in. But when the clock stuck, only one bullet was fired. Herod's man fell to the ground. Many claimed to be the fastest gun in town, like the Kid, Herod, and Ace, but all knew that Cort was the fastest. Next, Ace is bragging and doing gun tricks. It is time for he and Herod to face each other. Herod proves that Ace has been lying about all of his kills. The clock strikes and Herod blows Ace's right thumb off. Then he shoots Ace's left hand. Then after mocking Ace some more, Herod's shoots him in the chest. Then Ellen wins her first fight with Cort's help. The next day, Herod invites Stg. Cantrel to his home. He tells the Sgt, that he knows that he was the hired hand and not Ace. The Sgt. does not tell him much and the challenge has been issued. Later, Herod changes the rules and now all fights are to the death. Herod takes down Cantrell, and then scolds the crowd for hiring him. Meantime, Eugene the scum bag is heard upstairs molesting a girl. He comes downstairs and brags about it. Ellen attacks him from behind and the two scream at each other until the challenge is made. though it is pouring outside, The two come out firing and Eugene gets his manhood shot off. The rules have changed and the winner is the last alive. Ellen couldn't finish him off, so she returned to the bar. Eugene comes in and shoots her glass. Then Ellen empties her gun into him.Though Herod tells the Kid to quit, that he has proven his point, the Kid stays in and takes ", "qas": [{"question": "What does Herod buy Cort in the general store?", "id": "211eb64227004d7c801d8012148d93bc", "answers": []}, {"question": "The lady's father was strung up by whose men?", "id": "82acb76d0487452a9439d4f0aa1ea861", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does believe he is Herod's son?", "id": "2242a6ee984d44e7b8297e6208dfe588", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does The Lady challenge?", "id": "f537c8ab2e4241f1bfc88cceb8bfc582", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is The Lady forced to kill?", "id": "63bc18d8c9ad4f518cca20c39f7fefdb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has Herod challenged before challenging The Lady?", "id": "63ceed97651f44c7bab5ad948951bb99", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Doc Wallace declare dead?", "id": "811c46cbcbff4665b76fd7f6147a29c5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who becomes the new marshal at the end?", "id": "fda748548a6d4f4baaa1c3f4ff97c7e4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did save Cort's life by shooting the rope?", "id": "b2049909a42e4731887125bc0f8077a8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who chains and bears Cort?", "id": "f6b21b8590ce43c7bd7b92b2cfeb0bff", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Cort slated to fight?", "id": "dc440c053516434985ddc25fddf957d7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who arrives at a small town and speaks to a local merchant?", "id": "71471600e1a1454dbccc106caa989863", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does The Lady defeat?", "id": "54fcce7287e44b8cb167a4e606d8b978", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Spotted Horse claim he cannot be killed by?", "id": "305f831e927e4757b0c65ab38da491b5", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the preacher?", "id": "6374b796d0c144dba394696dae9dded9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Cort demand to fight?", "id": "0d452555101f440a99b1ac84034adb24", "answers": []}, {"question": "Because Cort's hand his busted Herod offers to fight using what hand?", "id": "7fbfdb157ee94582b1f8d4df69a9012b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Herod's henchman that breaks Cort's hand?", "id": "2bfb0caa2ff14d7a98c5841cca36fd5b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who's son was killed?", "id": "542f9e71cdce4965a1afd4d39ea8ed93", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Redemption's ruthless mayor and former outlaw?", "id": "4776f56d5e32422eb5b128c7cbc88170", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who rides into town, attempting to reclaim the horses?", "id": "1e9ebb5ed9554446ae69823b83ea459a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Amber Leighton (Madonna) is 40: beautiful, rich, s", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Amber Leighton (Madonna) is 40: beautiful, rich, spoiled, foul-mouthed, and arrogant beyond measure. Nothing makes this woman happy, including her wealthy but passive husband, Tony (Bruce Greenwood), a pharmaceutical kingpin.\nWhen Tony takes her on a private cruise from Greece to Italy with two other couples, Amber is unimpressed by this impromptu no-frills vacation and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate, Giuseppe Esposito (Adriano Giannini). When a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island, however, the tables suddenly turn, with Giuseppe gaining the upper hand, followed by the two falling in love.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who does the woman become dependent upon for survival?", "id": "998ab2ca499d4189817efd9f1ac0e605", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nImages from the first part of Porky.Edward \"Pee ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nImages from the first part of Porky.Edward \"Pee Wee\" Morris (Dan Monahan) wakes up shouting \"I've been laid!\" with joy. It's the following morning, after all the events in the first part. He increases the line in his maturity chart - the one he keeps under his mattress. His penis doesn't look as responsive as always, but he thinks it may be a resting time after the novelty of sex with a woman. His mother (Ilse Erl) enters his bedroom while he's got a boner - after watching toples women at  The National Geographic  magazine. Mrs Morris is dumbfolded when she looks at Pee Wee's chart.Back at Angel High School, Pee Wee brags about having Wendy Williams (Kaki Hunter) snatched from everybody else. His friends tease Pee Wee, saying that Wendy didn't think it was such a big thing. Wendy wants a better man - Wendy admits that it was all a prank planned by his friends: she really ended up satisfied.The Drama Club is producing a Shakespeare-based play for a theatre festival. All the boys in the festival are participating. Pee Wee interrupts a natural sciences lesson - the vivisected frogs are disgusting. Pee Wee is blamed for a joke which was not even his, but the science teacher (Howard Neu) tells him off. Pee Wee is jealous of Wendy, who is talked about a lot. She says that she's faithful, that people will talk about her without really knowing her, and that boys will always brag about things they haven't really done. Pee Wee tries to trust her, and says that he'll kick the ass of any boy who badmouths her from that moment on.Tommy Turner (Wyatt Knight), Tim Cavanaugh (Cyril O'Reilly), Billy McCarthy (Mark Herrier) and Anthony \"Meat\" Tuperello (Tony Ganios) are part of Pee Wee's gang. They are on friendly terms with new student Johnny Henry (Joseph Runningfox), who says hello to them. He'll participate in Shakespeare's play as well, alongside with Pee Wee and Tommy.Anthony has to dress up as a god fairy, which creates plenty of mockery around, especially with Pee Wee. Later, they disguise themselves to go to a carnival to see a well-endowed girl to dance something similar to the dance of the seven veils. The boys visit Gloria , and her MC (Peter Conrad). Pee Wee wants to get out on stage with his costume. He looks like a green Puck.Ms Beulah Balbricker (Nancy Parsons) and Reverend Bubba Flavel (Bill Wiley). Mrs Morris, Pee Wee's mother was the person responsible for the play. Mr. Floyd J. Carter (Eric Christmas) cannot stand up to Flavel's shouts and screams. They allege that Shakespeare is filth. Carter dismisses them after reading romantic passages from the Bible.Pee Wee finds another girl, and he takes her to the cemetery. He runs away. It's a prank - as Pee Wee shows himself stark naked. Laura gets undressed and wraps herself around Pee Wee. It looks like Laura is choking to death. Steve and Tommy say that Pee Wee is to blame for Laura's death. They can't call Ted (Art Hindle). Steve frightens Pee Wee, dressed as a zombie. So now, they accuse Pee Wee of killing two people; he runs butt naked. Ted and another cop see Pee Wee naked running on the road, but they don't stop to pick him up. They are dumb folded by Steve's disguise, but not afraid. He passes out.Somebody (Will Knickerbocker) has thrust a dummy against Johnny Henry, a Native American, kissing a white girl. The commissioners arrive; they are Hurley (Fred Buch), Couch (Richard Liberty) and Gebhardt (Edward Winter) will support the play, in spite of the racist comments.Balbricker sings and dances  Black Magic  while on the toilet, but the gang plays a prank on her. They open up the pipe and push a snake up. Balbricker runs in panic with her pants ", "qas": [{"question": "Who shuts down the Angel Beach High Shakespeare Festival?", "id": "febd0c55b0414fd8807734640d458dd2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the Angel Beach gang take to the basement of the courthouse?", "id": "91304c68e44648d49e6fef029a31dee5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who joins the movement to shut down the Shakespeare Festival?", "id": "8f1cd8b8143a4f88ac70d2c189474729", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Wendy accept a date with?", "id": "84cdfb652c884668b12747b6507875ee", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nWoody lives in a slum on the edge of the city, a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nWoody lives in a slum on the edge of the city, and is exasperated at his bills. He wishes aloud that he were rich. At that moment, a four-leaf clover appears in the floorboards. Woody takes it, hoping it will bring him good luck. To his surprise, it transforms into a leprechaun woodpecker. Speaking with an Irish brogue, it names itself as O'Toole, and demonstrates its seemingly endless magical abilities to Woody. It then grants him three wishes. An excited Woody immediately wishes for immense wealth.The leprechaun takes Woody to \"the end of the rainbow\", where Woody indeed finds himself swimming in money. He takes a bag of cash and runs out. At that moment, an alarm goes off. He turns around, and realizes he has just robbed from the First National Bank. He is immediately confronted by a police officer with an Irish brogue. While Woody attempts to deflect the blame onto the leprechaun, the police officer does not believe him. At that moment, the leprechaun woodpecker jumps in and saves Woody by bashing the officer over the head with a club.A lengthy chase ensues between the officer and Woody. The leprechaun continually helps Woody to escape from tight situations, until Woody is finally caught and handcuffed to two other officers. The leprechaun appears, and Woody tells it his second wish-- to be transported home safely. The leprechaun frees Woody, and replaces him with a skunk. The horrified officers run off down the street, trying to break away from the handcuffs without luck.Once Woody is back home, the leprechaun reminds him that \"a wish is not what pays the rent\", and goes to leave. However, Woody reminds the leprechaun that he still has one wish left, and angrily screams at it, \"GO TO BLAZES!\" The leprechaun, having no choice, jumps and plummets through the floor into Hell, where he came from. The Devil, also a woodpecker with an Irish brogue, laughs and welcomes the leprechaun back. Iris out.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "what is the name of the woodpecker devil?", "id": "cb2cf21d0821451eaa6663aae7e1ff95", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Woody Woodpecker wish he was?", "id": "09681f1b338645509f96ac45861b7846", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the Woodpecker Devil's name?", "id": "0efdc713693740cdabd46ddccfdb9503", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Woody set off when he exits through the bank door?", "id": "8a1be328759642f08026be2a1365efbc", "answers": []}, {"question": "what is the leprechaun's name?", "id": "0deac986f7df4c3486480d66e257225d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Daniel Hillard is a freelance voice actor living i", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Daniel Hillard is a freelance voice actor living in San Francisco, California. Though a devoted and loving father to his three children Lydia, Chris, and Natalie, Daniel is an unreliable husband. One day, he quits his job due to a disagreement over a questionable script, then throws a wild birthday party for Chris with a petting zoo against his wife Miranda's objections. Returning home from work due to a neighbor's complaint, Miranda is angry at Daniel for planning the party behind her back and, after an argument, files for divorce. At their first custody hearing, the judge initially grants Miranda sole custody of the children since Daniel has neither a residence nor a steady job, but rules that if Daniel gets a steady job and a residence suitable for children within three months, he will allow Daniel and Miranda to share joint custody.\nAs Daniel attempts to rebuild his life, he learns that Miranda intends to hire a housekeeper and secretly alters her classifieds form when she declines his offer to take care of the children. He then calls Miranda several times, using his voice acting skills as several bad job applicants. Finally, he calls as a Scottish-accented[4] nanny, whom he calls Mrs. Euphegenia Doubtfire, taking the last name from a newspaper headline. Impressed with her alleged qualifications, Miranda invites \"Mrs. Doubtfire\" for an interview. Daniel enlists his older brother Frank, a makeup artist, and his partner Jack to transform him into the character.\nAfter being further impressed by the interview, Miranda hires Mrs. Doubtfire. The children initially struggle to adjust to Mrs. Doubtfire's methods, but they soon begin to thrive, becoming happier and doing better in school. At the same time, Miranda is able to heal her strained relationship with the children as she and Mrs. Doubtfire become good friends. Daniel has to learn several skills to play his role, such as cooking and cleaning, and also improves himself.\nHowever, despite impressing Miranda greatly with his newfound maturity, Daniel realizes that he has indirectly created another barrier, as when he asks to look after the children again one night, Miranda insists she could never dismiss Mrs. Doubtfire as the family's lives have been made so much better by \"her.\" One night, Lydia and Chris accidentally discover that Mrs. Doubtfire is actually Daniel in disguise and though initially shocked by the revelation, they are overjoyed that their father is back in their lives and agree to keep his disguise a secret.\nDaniel also takes a menial job at a television station. One day, CEO Jonathan Lundy sees Daniel playing around with toy dinosaurs on the set of an unsuccessful children's program and, impressed with Daniel's creativity, invites him to dinner at Bridge's Restaurant on the coming Friday night for Daniel to pitch ideas as a possible new host. Meanwhile, Miranda expects Mrs. Doubtfire to attend a birthday dinner arranged by her new love interest, Stu Dunmire, at the same time and place.\nUnable to postpone his dinner with Lundy and not wanting to disappoint his family, Daniel goes to the restaurant and tries to rotate between both dinners, changing in and out of the Mrs. Doubtfire costume in the restroom; however, he becomes drunk as both tables provide him with numerous alcoholic beverages. After seasoning Stu's food with cayenne pepper, which Stu is allergic to, Daniel forgets to change out of the Mrs. Doubtfire costume before returning to Mr. Lundy's table. When Lundy questions the costume, Daniel quickly covers for his mistake by explaining that his alter-ego is his idea for a television persona, impressing Lundy. At Miranda's table, Stu starts choking. Regretful, Daniel administers the Heimlich maneuver, partially ripping off his mask in the process and revealing his identity, to Miranda's horror.\nAt their next custody hearing, Daniel shows that he has a job and a suitable home, then explains his actions. The judge, however, is disturbed by Daniel's actions, and grants Miranda full custody, with Daniel limited to supervised visitation once a week, leaving Daniel heartbroken. Without Mrs. Doubtfire, the children again become miserable and even Miranda admits their lives were so much better with \"her", "qas": [{"question": "What accent does Daniel use when playing \"Mrs. Euphegenia Doubtfire\"?", "id": "ec52525bcc2d420d81fd07c21c294fee", "answers": []}, {"question": "What are the names of Daniel and Miranda's children?", "id": "6cbb65dacbff42d38c7a2b588c494b3c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Besides babysitting the kids, Daniel uses his Mrs. Doubtfire costume for what other job?", "id": "e18519751bd74cc5978517c3586a393e", "answers": []}, {"question": "who initially discovers that mrs. doubtfire is actually daniel?", "id": "ad57c1be88a1487ead917f6a0b1d5f13", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Gas station attendant Clint Ramsey, who works at M", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Gas station attendant Clint Ramsey, who works at Martin Bormann's Super Service in the desert, finds himself too irresistible to a series of girls, all of whom have the word \"Super\" in their given names. In the beginning, he is married to the hypersexual, demanding, and jealous SuperAngel (Shari Eubank), who constantly harasses him at work. She orders him home at once when she calls Clint and overhears a female customer, SuperLorna (Christy Hartburg), hitting on him at work. Clint finds SuperAngel's constant accusations and arguing a turnoff and, back at home, they fight after he rejects her aggressive advances. A neighbor calls the police as Clint leaves for a local bar, where the bartender is the very scantily clad SuperHaji (Haji).\nMeanwhile, SuperAngel seduces Harry Sledge (Charles Napier), the cop who responded to the police call. He is impotent and unable to perform. She repeatedly taunts and insults him over this, which finally results in him killing her by stomping her brutally in a bathtub, then throwing a radio in the water which was plugged into the wall socket. Sledge burns down the house, then tries to pin the murder on Clint. Clint claims being in the pub all night, but SuperHaji has her revenge on him (from insulting her breast size earlier) by refusing to confirm his alibi. Clint is then forced to flee.\nIn his rush to escape, Clint hitchhikes a ride from a boy (John LaZar) and his girlfriend SuperCherry (Colleen Brennan). During the drive, SuperCherry comes on to him and puts his hand over her breast, but then pulls it back. She then tries to give him a handjob over his pants, but he continues to resist her advances. The driver takes offense to Clint rejecting his girlfriend, but she says he probably just wants a closer contact. She again attempts and fails to seduce him and he asks the driver to let him get out. The driver follows him out and beats and robs him. Clint is found by an old farmer who takes him to his farm to heal from his injuries and Clint agrees to work for the farmer for a week to repay him.\nThe farmer has a younger Austrian mail-order bride, SuperSoul (Uschi Digard), who is hypersexual. After energetically satisfying her husband, she comes knocking on Clint's door at night. She immediately pushes him into his bed where she proceeds to mount and rape him, until he manages to overpower her. However, she does the same the following day and this time overpowering him after jumping him from behind in the barn. Looking for SuperSoul, the farmer finds them in the barn, then chases Clint away and punches SuperSoul.\nFleeing from the farm, Clint meets a motel owner and his deaf daughter, SuperEula (Deborah McGuire), who convinces him to take a ride with her in her dune buggy to have sex in the desert. They are caught by her father and chased out of town.\nClint eventually meets up with SuperVixen (also played by Shari Eubank) at Supervixen's Oasis, a roadside diner. SuperVixen is (inexplicably) a friendly and giving reincarnation of SuperAngel, whose ghost now appears nude between scenes to comment on the plot from atop a bedspring balanced on a mesa. Clint and SuperVixen fall in love and are inseparable, although their common nemesis, Harry Sledge, arrives on the scene and plots ending the lives of the now happy couple.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who does the farmer find in the barn with Clint?", "id": "d009563f3dc74ba8a253ddd9ae572194", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Clint married to?", "id": "e68f43e46bb74c1bba974fca7bba2d7f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does SuperAngel seduce?", "id": "a4552e868c014f14960f82fa3a05cca8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Harry stomp SuperAngel to death?", "id": "a28ef35f78764da685fe6f4e0afcb620", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Sledge try to pin SuperAngel's death on?", "id": "eaf5fa899ede47f2b5da31d107b95027", "answers": []}, {"question": "In the beginning, who is Clint Ramsey married to?", "id": "96e109134735447d85bec8da9d9770d2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does SuperEula talk Clint into taking a ride in?", "id": "311fdb6133364387b771404c524282e4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who takes Clint in after he runs from being set up by Clint?", "id": "9b785b30540d4db9b4605af778ffc98d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Clint meet up with SuperVixen?", "id": "d9d1a43970e345e4a3f40938a89004ac", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe movie is based on the true story of two Brit", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe movie is based on the true story of two British athletes competing in the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. Englishman Harold Abrahams (Ben Cross), who is Jewish, overcomes anti-Semitism and class prejudice in order to compete against the \"Flying Scotsman\", Eric Liddell (Ian Charleson), in the 100 metre race.Opening in 1919 England, Harold Abrahams enters Cambridge University, where he meets with anti-Semitism from the staff, but enjoys participating in the Gilbert and Sullivan theatre club. He becomes the first person to ever complete the Trinity Great Court run: running around the court in the time it takes for the clock to strike 12. Abrahams achieves an undefeated string of victories in various national running competitions. Although focused on his running, he falls in love with a famous Gilbert and Sullivan soprano, Sybil (Alice Krige).Meanwhile in Scotland, Eric Liddell (Ian Charleson), born in China of Scottish missionary parents, is in Scotland. His devout sister Jennie (Cheryl Campbell) disapproves of Liddell's plans to pursue competitive running. But Liddell sees running as a way of glorifying God before returning to China to work as a missionary.Abrahams and Liddell meet for the first time in London in June 1923 when they first race against each other in a British open. Liddell beats Abrahams who takes it extremely badly. But Sam Mussabini (Ian Holm), a professional trainer whom Abrahams had approached earlier, offers to take him on to improve his technique. This attracts criticism from the Cambridge college masters (John Gielgud and Lindsay Anderson). In their meeting with Abrahams, the Cambridge masters allege it is ungentlemanly for an amateur to \"play the tradesman\" by employing a professional coach. Abrahams realizes this is a cover for their anti-Semitism and class entitlement, and dismisses their concern.Meanwhile, when Liddell accidentally misses a church prayer meeting because of his running, his sister Jennie upbraids him and accuses him of no longer caring about God. But Eric tells her that though he intends to eventually return to the China mission, he feels divinely inspired when running, and that not to run would be to dishonor God: \"I believe that God made me for a purpose. But He also made me fast, and when I run, I feel His pleasure.\"The two athletes, after over a year of training and racing, are accepted to represent Great Britain in the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, France. Also accepted are Abrahams' Cambridge buddies, Lord Andrew Lindsay (Nigel Havers), Aubrey Montague (Nicholas Farrell), and Henry Stallard (Daniel Gerroll) whom join the UK team.While boarding the boat to Paris for the Olympics, Liddell learns from the newspapers that the event for his 100 meter race will be on a Sunday. Liddell refuses to run the race despite strong pressure from the Prince of Wales (David Yelland) as well as the head of the British Olympic committee, Lord Cadogan (Patrick Magee) because Liddell's Christian convictions prevent him from running on the Christian Sabbath (Sunday).Hope appears in the form of Liddell's teammate Lord Andrew Lindsay. Having already won a silver medal in the 400 meter hurdles, Lindsay proposes to yield his place in the 400 meter race on the following Tuesday to Liddell. Liddell gratefully agrees. His religious convictions in the face of national athletic pride make headlines around the world.Liddell delivers a sermon at the Paris Church of Scotland that Sunday, and quotes from Isaiah 40, verse 31:\"But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and be not weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.\"Meanwhile, Abrahams is badly beaten by the heavily favored and more experienced United States runner Charles Paddock (Dennis Christopher) in the 200 meter race who wins the gold medal, while Abrahams takes a second place silver medal. Abrahams knows that his last chance for a gold medal will be the 100 meter run. He competes in the 100 meter sprint and wins, beating Paddock and the rest of the Americans.On Tuesday, just before Liddell's race, the American coach remarks to his runners that Liddell has little chance ", "qas": [{"question": "Who should they wait on?", "id": "3226ddf90a624f44b1d216d7719dfa2d", "answers": []}, {"question": "In which athletic activity did Harold excel?", "id": "13c313ac04814d50a084b375db3f1606", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Abrahams's coach?", "id": "5d2e869df9f547caa3b70f56075416ac", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whose religious convictions in the face of national athletic pride make headlines around the world?", "id": "cd9da241c9954387975c3833e56bcee9", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Liddell deliver?", "id": "1983416502774496be9a5e1124d9a156", "answers": []}, {"question": "When does the 400-metre race take place?", "id": "798b20f52d6c4ea1a714abf223df2582", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who had already won a medal in a previous race?", "id": "cc71d3fcb9cb4d0fb52c11542890e9e0", "answers": []}, {"question": "What type of medal had Liddel's team mate already won", "id": "4686f8ce23624f95898695d79a90086b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Liddell's teammate?", "id": "c1d54c041ff14ca2adb11f60b666da7b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who accidentally misses a church prayer meeting?", "id": "686c79ff335249d09e94d0cb2e1c6489", "answers": []}, {"question": "On which day of the week was the next race?", "id": "56a90966beb84fd19df9038e6d8ee053", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Abrahams marry?", "id": "851d142174c44908ba205542af530c4d", "answers": []}, {"question": "In what year did Harold Abrahams enter the University of Cambridge?", "id": "2ba29ffc41e943c688d439e16fff1ebf", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who refuses to run the race on the Sabbath?", "id": "fe59157f8cc6476aaabd22135269d29e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Eric Liddell?", "id": "9427672508054be18c28a4ee9e8fd85b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was trainer?", "id": "9e6603e8a4b54fcf8be5920788d848c8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What vehicle did the athletes take to get to the 1924 Olympics in Paris?", "id": "e522fa73e5404ba1974a58e1fd1bd882", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Marigold Lexton (Ali Larter), a self-centered and ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Marigold Lexton (Ali Larter), a self-centered and temperamental young American actress, arrives in India expecting to be treated like a star, despite the fact that she has been making nothing but B movie sequels for some time. She is stranded in Goa after the film she was to star in is canceled, and a sympathetic crew member offers her a ride, which brings her to the set of another movie, a Bollywood musical. She actually tells her boyfriend Barry that she was hoping she wouldn't have to marry him if this trip was successful, and soon finds herself the center of attraction on the set, where she quickly lands a minor role and a date with the spoiled young lead actor. But after she rebuffs his crude proposal that night she winds up talking with Prem (Salman Khan), the film's choreographer. He knows she lied about being able to dance, and takes her in hand, while showing her the nearby towns and countryside in their spare time.\nAs they grow closer Prem talks to her about the importance of family, and she not only learns that he is estranged from his father, but that he is also a prince. He had not seen his family in three years, but the day before he received a call from his sister, asking him to come home for her wedding. He asks Marigold to go home with him to Jodhpur, Rajasthan, for the wedding, since shooting on the movie had been shut down for a week. She is entranced by the generosity and opulence of his family leading up to the wedding, but afterwards is shocked to discover that he has been betrothed to another since childhood. He has fallen totally in love with Marigold, but has neglected to mention the long arranged marriage, and his father has not encouraged him to follow his heart. She feels betrayed and storms out, followed by Prem's fiance, who offers to buy her a drink. She confesses to Marigold that although she loves Prem she doesn't believe he has ever really loved her.\nMeanwhile, Prem, a teetotaler, heads to a bar to drown his sorrows, where he finds a drunken American who commiserates with his romantic problems. He explains he has come looking for his estranged girlfiend, called Marigold, and Prem invites him to stay the night at his parents' house. Barry accepts and then passes out. In the morning, Marigold decides to return with Barry to the United States, since Prem, the only son of Jaipur's Ruler, feels duty bound to marry the woman his father has chosen. The ceremony takes place that day, and as he follows his bride, whose face is totally hidden behind a long veil, seven times around the Holy fire, Prem believes he is marrying the woman he has been engaged to since childhood. With the marriage complete, Prem lifts his wife's veil, and he and most of the guests are astonished to find Marigold standing before him\u00e2\u0080\u0094and it appears that Barry has married Prem's former fiance as well. The movie's director and their friends from the crew appear in the crowd, cheering, then Prem sings and dances with Marigold and a full chorus, just like a happy ending in a Bollywood musical.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Where does the young American travel to?", "id": "138275b29a57434896035d91c7e8b77a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Marigold arrives in London with no what?", "id": "05b5fdcb444245de8ab07b295c09f673", "answers": []}, {"question": "Marigold can't do what?", "id": "1adb29d1a6114523aba5c86befde7023", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nWhen reporter ANN MITCHELL is laid off by managi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nWhen reporter ANN MITCHELL is laid off by managing editor HENRY CONNELL because of streamlining, she begs to stay on since she's supporting her MOTHER and TWO SISTERS, but it's no use. Angry, she gathers up her belongings but then, as a parting shot, types up a fake letter from \"John Doe\" stating that he's so downtrodden by the unfairness of things that he intends jumping off the building on Christmas Eve.The paper prints the letter and it causes a sensation. Everyone relates to and wants to help John Doe. Connell, desperate to get hold of the original letter is shocked when Ann tells him there was no letter. Connell, angry, is ready to print a retraction but Ann suggests that they hire a \"fake John Doe\" to embody the pathos of the letter. She gets her job back along with a lucrative fee and contract.Several desperate MEN line up claming to have written the letter, so Ann and Connell must now pick the one. When handsome JOHN WILLOUGHBY walks in, Ann's clearly smitten. A likeable, quiet baseball player who's fallen on bad times, John's the one who will become \"John Doe.\" Although he seems too honest to lie, Ann believes he's desperate enough. They create a fake letter, put him up at a fancy hotel with bodyguards, making him sign an agreement. Also in tow (much to Connell's chagrin) is THE COLONEL, a confirmed vagabond, distrustful of society, who warns John that he's falling into a trap of privilege.Next come publicity photos, which are directed by Ann to get the correct \"angry protest\" look. With headlines proclaiming his anger at the unfairness of the world, John becomes an increasing media sensation, courtesy of hyperbolic headlines concocted by Connell. Meanwhile, the GOVERNOR suspects John Doe is a myth but mistakenly feels it was concocted by publisher B. D. NORTON to discredit him. Ann convinces Norton to play it for what it's worth. Norton offers her money to write radio speeches to sell Doe. He also wants her to work directly with him and not Connell.Ann goes to work, typing up a storm but nothing comes to mind. Ann's Mother suggests that she write something upbeat and simple, using the values of Ann's late father as an inspiration. By now, John has begun realizing that his baseball career might not get started again if the John Doe business is revealed as a phony.Nonetheless, John reads his first manufactured upbeat speech, written by Ann to a packed house. Ann coaches him to be sincere, suggesting that she's fallen in love with John Doe. The speech, broadcast on the radio, stirs the people with its \"love thy neighbor\"-style message. CROWDS love him but John can't get away fast enough. He and the Colonel resort to the boxcars and flee. B. D. Norton, thinking he was great, wants him located.When a DINER WAITER recognizes him, John's hope for a return to normalcy is squelched by sudden CROWDS, eager to meet him. Ann and Norton locate him. John isn't happy about it. When Norton offers him a lecture tour, he refuses it angrily. When the common PEOPLE who have a \"John Doe\" club talk to him, however, he softens when hearing how he's touched them. Now, John's torn. His itinerant pal, The Colonel, thinks he's been \"hooked\" and, disgusted, walks out on him.Norton arranges the lecture tour. John speaks in state after state, addressing the many national clubs in his name. Connell tells Norton, however, that he's curious why Norton is spending so much money on the tour. In the meantime, Ann, knowing that John now likes her, feels increasingly like the heel she feels she is. She feels even worse when John relates a tender dream that he had about her and talks to her about how he relates to the lonely, hungry people to whom he's been speaking.Norton gives Ann a fur coat and a gift. He then tells her that he wants John Doe to announce a ", "qas": [{"question": "What is Henry Connell's job?", "id": "4eeefd7ff4f1406894623a3e0d0ea99c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Mitchell in love with?", "id": "d5b69e51e5d74c4b8feead6c813874c8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays the colonel?", "id": "d5a13e5a87ae41aa9bedd5ec412f2b4d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Norton accuse of deception at the rally?", "id": "51b39a53e1af48de88453b31b5ba8802", "answers": []}, {"question": "\"John Doe\" threatens suicide on what day?", "id": "383c32914bc64f5094259da37b443243", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film begins with Dr. Mitchell Allen's (Tobin B", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film begins with Dr. Mitchell Allen's (Tobin Bell) daughter, Audrey (Nikki Sanderson). Audrey proceeds to take a shower and while doing so sees a hand with a black glove. Scared, Audrey gets out and goes to her room to sleep. Her dog, however is up and wants to play ball. To get him away she throw the ball in the closet, After a while, she gets worried her dog hasn't come back yet. She walks to the closet and finds blood lining the closet. She backs away and, with a scream, gets pulled under her bed.\nSarah Morris (Erin Cahill) is a student who is doing a radio show for her college radio station where she tries to help people with their problems, such as a guy just breaking up with his girlfriend. Soon after she is introduced, Audrey arrives in Sarah\u00e2\u0080\u0099s room at night, raving that \u00e2\u0080\u009cHe\u00e2\u0080\u0099s everywhere\u00e2\u0080\u009d. Sarah lets her stay the night. During Sarah\u00e2\u0080\u0099s radio show the next day, Audrey calls to tell Sarah and Dr. Kane about the Boogeyman. They don\u00e2\u0080\u0099t believe her, but Sarah goes to find her, thinking she is suicidal, while Dr. Kane remains with her on the phone. The Boogeyman then begins to strangle Audrey when Sarah arrives. When others arrive to see it, Audrey appears to have hanged herself.\nSoon after, Sarah discovers a diary amongst Audrey\u00e2\u0080\u0099s things. Upon reading it, she begins to believe the Boogeyman is real, and tries to warn her friends and boyfriend, David (Chuck Hittinger). They refuse to believe her thinking she is dealing with the trauma of her friend dying soon after her mother\u00e2\u0080\u0098s death. Her friends in the dorm begin to disappear, as Sarah has visions of their deaths through being pulled into the alternate world of the Boogeyman.\nPeople refuse to believe her claims but campus talk of the Boogeyman from hearing her radio show continues to swirl. Sarah begins to believe the Boogeyman gains his power from the legend continuing by people believing he might be real. Dr. Kane begins to worry about her mental stability.\nSarah takes over the radio station to warn the students away, prompting her arrest by campus security. While held in custody, Dr. Kane negotiates her release until the body of Sarah\u00e2\u0080\u0099s friend Lindsey is found in a washer. Sarah realizes Dr. Kane is actually beginning to believe when they both witness a light manifestation of the Boogeyman. Dr. Kane, trying to prove she is wrong, enters the room where the light is, and is subsequently beaten to death by the Boogeyman. Sarah then realizes the Boogeyman has been using her fear to warn everyone in order to get everyone to believe in him.\nSarah rushes back to her room to save David, who now believes her story and has been reading the diary. She finds him staring off into a black closet, but is unable to prevent the Boogeyman from pulling him in. David is soon-after flung out into the room, disemboweled, covering her in blood. The police and students arrive to find the scene. To prevent the Boogeyman\u00e2\u0080\u0099s growth in power, Sarah claims she committed all the murders herself and that the Boogeyman is not real. One of the officers in the elevator reveals he doesn\u00e2\u0080\u0099t believe she could have done that by herself. She insists that she did, but the elevator stops and she is pulled up into the elevator shaft by the Boogeyman, while the two police officers stare in disbelief as Sarah cries for help fades away.\nOne year later, Amy (Jayne Wisener) and Jennifer (Kate Maberly) are staying in Sarah\u00e2\u0080\u0099s room. Amy interrupts Jennifer's studies to tell her the story of the \u00e2\u0080\u009ccrazy girl\u00e2\u0080\u009d (Sarah) who thought the Boogeyman was real that lived in the room a year ago. It is revealed the college changed the dorm name to keep people from being afraid to move in. Jennifer leaves to go to the library for some peace, noticing that Amy actually seems scared to be alone and taunting her as she leaves. Left alone, Amy is soon attacked and dragged by the Boogeyman beneath her bed to an unknown fate.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Sarah in the movie", "id": "b193d2d32f224a7583fd9bab2370e349", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is acted as David", "id": "97deafa0cec643b0a10f2b7f780d95e4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the Killer", "id": "ead29428969c47769b5091a8aa9e8f09", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is acted as Sarah", "id": "cb9194ceb5424d27814690bda581364c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nA light aircraft is flying over spectacular jung", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nA light aircraft is flying over spectacular jungle terrain. On board is oil prospector Robert Harper (Massimo Foschi), his business partner Ralph (Ivan Rossimov), the pilot Charlie (Sheik Razak Shikur), and a young lady named Swan (Judy Rosly). There is much talk about inhospitable and harsh the jungle is which is apparently Malaysia. They are on their way to visit a oil prospecting party which has set up camp there.Upon landing, they find the area abandoned. They soon discover a native weapon covered with blood. Ralph is concerned, exclaiming that the weapon indicates the people who raided the camp are; \"worse then natives. Judging the way this was made, they're still living in the stone age.\" Harper wonders into the jungle, while Ralph follows him and they both get lost. During their trek through the jungle, they discover the partially-decomposed corpse of one of the prospectors. Harper and Ralph manage to return to the airstrip where the seriousness of their predicament becomes apparently. But since they wondered off, it is too late for them to take off for darkness comes and they decide to sit out the night in the plane.Later that night, Swan unwisely decides to leave the plane so she can relive herself in the nearby bushes. She is captured by several unseen natives. The three men are all too scared to help even though they hear her screams, convincing themselves that they should stay put for the night and look for her in the morning when it is daylight.The next morning, Harper, Ralph, and Charlie set out into the jungle to look for Swan. Within minutes, Charlie springs a native trap and is horribly impaled by a spiked ball. Momentarily losing his mind at the sight of his dead friend, Harper runs blindly into the jungle followed by Ralph. This time, they really do get hopelessly lost. After witnessing a group of native warriors eating the remains of Swan, the two men continue on and come across a river. They decide to make a raft to float downstream and hopefully make it back towards the airstrip. During the ride, their raft overturns on some rocks, and Harper is left alone as he grabs onto a shore rock as Ralph is swept away by the current.Over the next day-and-a-half, Harper wonders aimlessly through the trackless and inhospitable jungle dealing with insects, snakes, and other wildlife. Desperately hungry, he unwisely gorges himself on mushrooms, starts to hallucinate and soon passes out. When he wakes up, he finds himself surrounded by dozens of long-haired, savage natives, warily poking their spears at him. The natives take the captive Harper back to their camp which is a huge cave dwelling place.The savage natives tie up Harper where they strip him naked, and string him up in a harness and hoist him into the heights of the misty cave. Having seen him arrive by airplane, the natives apparently believe that he has the power to fly, so they let him freefall 60 or more feet before he is abruptly halted by the harness and rope device to which he is attached to. His painful ordeal continues again and again until he passes out, while the natives wave their arms and hoot hellishly.Over the next several days, Harper is imprisoned in a cage and forced to watch the natives and their lifestyle. He is fed dead and rotting small animals, as well as subjected to further torture and humiliation. Harper watches the natives bring a captive warrior from a rival tribe and have him slowly killed by tying the warrior's arm to an army ant hill where they ants slowly eat the captive warrior alive.Harper befriends one of the very few women of the tribe, a native woman who, despite the language barrier, introduces herself as Pulan (Me Me Lai). But she is held in check by Harper's guards who forbid her from talking to their prisoner. Harper soon becomes clear at what the natives have in store for him: they apparently want to use him as bait to catch a very large meal like a crocodile the natives catch after using a bird to catch their prey", "qas": [{"question": "Which island do a group of oil prospectors travel to?", "id": "88eab5dac74a42f282e15b6d33b5aef0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film opens with narration over a silhouette ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens with narration over a silhouette of Hill House at night. The narrator, Dr. John Markway (Richard Johnson) tells us, \"An evil old house, the kind some people call haunted is like an undiscovered country waiting to be explored. Hill House had stood for 90 years and might stand for 90 more. Silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House. Whatever walked there walked alone.\" Title and credits follow, then narration continues, \"Scandal, murder, insanity, suicide: The history of Hill House was ideal. It had everything I wanted...\" The house was built in New England by a man named Hugh Crain for his wife and young daughter. A horse and carriage accident took the life of the first Mrs. Crain (an uncredited Pamela Buckley) before she even saw the house. Hugh Crain (an uncredited Howard Lang) and young daughter, Abigail (an uncredited Janet Mansell) said a few words over the body, but Hugh was left an embittered man. Crain married again, and the second Mrs. Crain (an uncredited Freda Knorr) also died, falling down the main staircase. Hugh Crain left Abigail with a nurse (an uncredited Susan Richards) and went to England where he died in a drowning accident. Abigail kept the same nursery room her entire life. By the time she was eighty (an uncredited Amy Dalby) she was a bedridden invalid. Her nurse-companion (an uncredited Rosemary Dorken) was a local girl and, it is with this young companion the evil reputation of Hill House really begins. The old lady died while calling for help. The companion was trysting on the verandah with a farm hand. The companion inherited Hill House and occupied it for many years, but eventually hanged herself. The house then passed to a distant relative, named Mrs. Sanderson (Fay Compton).Markway visits Mrs. Sanderson where he convinces her to let him use the house for psychic research. He explains, \"I shall occupy the house with a group of carefully selected assistants...I must have specially qualified help to take notes and document any evidence of the supernatural I may find.\" Eldridge Harper (Ronald Adam), Mrs. Sanderson's lawyer, voices his concern about publicity seekers and the propriety of having women in the house. Harper suggests to Mrs. Sanderson that her nephew, Luke, joins the doctor at Hill House, as he expects to inherit the property. Mrs. Sanderson asks point blank, \"Exactly what do you and your assistants expect to find at Hill House?\" Markway replies, \"Maybe only a few loose floorboards, and maybe, I only say maybe, the key to another world.\"Dr. Markway, taking a leave of absence from his university professorship, finalizes his list of assistants. Only two end up accepting, Eleanor Lance and Theodora (no last name).Eleanor Lance (Julie Harris) is living with her sister. She is nearly broke and weary after looking after her invalid mother non-stop for eleven years. Mother is now dead, and she fights with her sister over just about everything. She begs to use the car, which is after all, half hers. Her brother-in-law, Bud Fredericks (an uncredited Paul Maxwell) tries to act as mediator between Eleanor and his wife, Carrie (Diane Clare). He is sympathetic to Eleanor's plight, but their daughter, Dora (an uncredited Verina Greenlaw) takes her cues from her mother, and taunts her Aunt Eleanor. On the vacation plan, Bud sides with Eleanor, \"I think you should have a vacation, Nell.\" Carrie objects, but Eleanor is not to be deterred and she shows her family how she reacts when pushed to her breaking point. She is normally quiet and meek, but when pushed is loud and assertive.Nell decides to take the car and confronts the garage attendant (an uncredited Claude Jones) for the keys. She departs Boston along U.S. 50 and Route 238 to Hill House. We hear Nell thinking and she reveals she will never return to live with her sister. In fact, most of what we learn of Eleanor is hearing her thoughts.Eleanor ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Mrs. Sanderson require Markway to take with him to the house?", "id": "c7e716902a1d4c1c8fd95f87a606c4f6", "answers": []}, {"question": "The voice of who is heard echoing with laughter?", "id": "f0a3c80faf8347c99bb70e4a934ae35d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the ghost's name?", "id": "d26a3d4629264b91a2f933ead22dc153", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Eleanor care for?", "id": "80357846bd434246ba2d0401d8946a94", "answers": []}, {"question": "who crashes into the tree and is killed?", "id": "bfe73719e8664a0fbdf8d0af8de6d95e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Did either of Crain's wives survive?", "id": "899b6adf821344f4b9091322d2bfddfb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who rescues Eleanor?", "id": "fdd1de1b4364414cacdb8c67f01fb8ac", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Claude Rains and James Stewart in Mr. Smith Goes t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Claude Rains and James Stewart in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington\n\n\n\n\nPlay media\n\n\nTrailer\n\n\n\n\n\n\nJames Stewart and Jean Arthur in a taxicab\nThe governor of an unnamed western state, Hubert \"Happy\" Hopper (Guy Kibbee), has to pick a replacement for recently deceased U.S. Senator Sam Foley. His corrupt political boss, Jim Taylor (Edward Arnold), pressures Hopper to choose his handpicked stooge, while popular committees want a reformer, Henry Hill. The governor's children want him to select Jefferson Smith (James Stewart), the head of the Boy Rangers. Unable to make up his mind between Taylor's stooge and the reformer, Hopper decides to flip a coin. When it lands on edge \u00e2\u0080\u0093 and next to a newspaper story on one of Smith's accomplishments \u00e2\u0080\u0093 he chooses Smith, calculating that his wholesome image will please the people while his na\u00c3\u00afvet\u00c3\u00a9 will make him easy to manipulate.\nJunior Senator Smith is taken under the wing of the publicly esteemed, but secretly crooked, Senator Joseph Paine (Claude Rains), who was Smith's late father's friend. Smith develops an immediate attraction to the senator's daughter, Susan (Astrid Allwyn). At Senator Paine's home, Smith has a conversation with Susan, fidgeting and bumbling, entranced by the young socialite. Smith's na\u00c3\u00afve and honest nature allows the unforgiving Washington press to take advantage of him, quickly tarnishing Smith's reputation with ridiculous front page pictures and headlines branding him a bumpkin.\nTo keep Smith busy, Paine suggests he propose a bill. With the help of his secretary, Clarissa Saunders (Jean Arthur), who was the aide to Smith's predecessor and had been around Washington and politics for years, Smith comes up with a bill to authorize a federal government loan to buy some land in his home state for a national boys' camp, to be paid back by youngsters across America. Donations pour in immediately. However, the proposed campsite is already part of a dam-building graft scheme included in an appropriations bill framed by the Taylor political machine and supported by Senator Paine.\nUnwilling to crucify the worshipful Smith so that their graft plan will go through, Paine tells Taylor he wants out, but Taylor reminds him that Paine is in power primarily through Taylor's influence. Through Paine, the machine in his state accuses Smith of trying to profit from his bill by producing fraudulent evidence that Smith already owns the land in question. Smith is too shocked by Paine's betrayal to defend himself, and runs away.\nSaunders, who looked down on Smith at first, but has come to believe in him, talks him into launching a filibuster to postpone the appropriations bill and prove his innocence on the Senate floor just before the vote to expel him. In his last chance to prove his innocence, he talks non-stop for about 24 hours, reaffirming the American ideals of freedom and disclosing the true motives of the dam scheme. Yet none of the Senators are convinced.\nThe constituents try to rally around him, but the entrenched opposition is too powerful, and all attempts are crushed. Owing to the influence of Taylor's machine, newspapers and radio stations in Smith's home state, on Taylor's orders, refuse to report what Smith has to say and even distort the facts against the senator. An effort by the Boy Rangers to spread the news in support of Smith results in vicious attacks on the children by Taylor's minions.\nAlthough all hope seems lost, the senators begin to pay attention as Smith approaches utter exhaustion. Paine has one last card up his sleeve: he brings in bins of letters and telegrams from Smith's home state, purportedly from average people demanding his expulsion. Nearly broken by the news, Smith finds a small ray of hope in a friendly smile from the President of the Senate (Harry Carey). Smith vows to press on until people believe him, but immediately collapses in a faint. Overcome with guilt, Paine leaves the Senate chamber and attempts to commit suicide, but is stopped by other senators. When he is stopped, he bursts back into the Senate chamber, loudly confessing to the whole scheme; ", "qas": [{"question": "What does Paine suggests to keep smith busy?", "id": "7ce63dc3e8694a6ca8cb2b1a40020d8c", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of person whom governor's children want him to select?", "id": "6739a646340e4b438da82df7033ff90e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is deceased U.S. Senator?", "id": "967012600d544f0987edbe4be375de0f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is president of senate?", "id": "f157e80545f0429eb3f9323b4e3d84e4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who tried to kill himself in the end of story?", "id": "e874ca619b834867b133748d13ab890f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the designation of Sam Foley?", "id": "9e9f0affb2f2458fb70455ba5ba88b91", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Hopper?", "id": "1c6cd4db47b44f65bc318c9e05734ecc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has to pick a replacement for recently deceased U.S. Senator?", "id": "8facbca3ee574ade8f2dad325df76eca", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of senator's daughter?", "id": "00baad5b5a884bc8881651c79e0dea70", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nTHE SEVENTIES: When New York was still the great", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nTHE SEVENTIES: When New York was still the greatest, dirtiest, most conflicted city in the world...At 16, socially responsible upper west-sider CHARLIE BANKS (Jesse Eisenberg), 15, witnesses charismatic blue collar sociopath MICK LEARY (Jason Ritter), 18, brutally beat two unwitting suburban jocks at a high school party. Mick's a west village neighborhood buddy of Charlie's best friend, but Charlies' conscience gets the better of him. Telling only his parents, he reports Mick to the police.Three years later, during his freshman year in college, Mick shows up for a visit. Does Mick know he was the one who ratted him out?Mick's visit stretches past the weekend and Mick and Charlie begin a game of cat and mouse. Nice one moment, and threatening the next, Mick keeps Charlie guessing. But Mick also begins a strange course of assimilation, donning borrowed cashmere and reading Charlie's books and auditing his classes.  Soon Charlie begins to wonder if the intellectual caress of higher education can redeem even someone seemingly as far gone as Mick.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Where does Mick beat up two jocks?", "id": "c646affe0c3f497b8375d4cd3554e501", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Charlie report to the police?", "id": "9babff2d681e477b868543bdf1cdec9e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who shows up for a visit?", "id": "f134b54068ae4e57a8b9972681b920b0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film begins in medias res, with the suspects g", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film begins in medias res, with the suspects getting caught and being interrogated. Then it flashes back to three years earlier and the film continues forward from there, interspersed with occasional bits from the interrogation.\nThree years before getting caught, Bridget Cardigan (Diane Keaton) lived a comfortable upper middle class life until her husband Don Cardigan (Ted Danson) was \"downsized\" from his position and sank into debt. The paycheck for Selina, the housecleaner, bounces again. Selina confronts Bridget and suggests she take a job as a janitor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City.\nOn her first day on the job, Bridget hatches a scheme to steal worn-out dollar bills slated for destruction. For her team she chooses Nina (Queen Latifah), who works the dollar bill shredder, and Jackie (Katie Holmes), who takes bill carts from the Secret Service room to the shredding room. It takes some work to persuade Nina to join, but Jackie joins them quickly.\nThe plan is that in the Secret Service room Bridget will switch a cart's official Master-brand lock with a near identical lock she purchased at Home Depot. Bridget will tell Jackie the cart number and give Nina the official lock. When Jackie gets the chosen cart, she dumps some bills from the cart into a trash can before taking the cart to Nina, who then uses Bridget's key to open it and restores the official lock, and then proceeds to shred the remaining bills. Meanwhile, Bridget, in the course of her janitorial duties, retrieves the dumped bills from the trash and splits them among Nina and Jackie in the women's restroom.\nTheir first robbery is a success though the take is not as big as they had hoped. However, they're emboldened to do it repeatedly. Once Don and Bridget pay off their debt, Don suggests they stop before they get caught. Bridget rejects this idea and persuades Nina and Jackie to keep going. They almost get caught but they end up cutting in Barry (Roger Cross), one of the security guards, who is attracted to Nina.\nA Federal Bank Examiner shows up at a party at Bridget's house, and the next day Bridget sees him at work. The Examiner confronts Glover (Stephen Root), who is unwilling as a matter of professional pride to admit anyone has stolen a single bill out of his bank. Tipped off, that night Bridget and her accomplices begin trying to get rid of all the loot stashed in their houses, but the cops move in before all the evidence is destroyed. Bridget escapes but the others get caught.\nBridget hires a tax attorney to defend them. The lawyer gets Bridget and all her accomplices off the hook for their crimes, because neither the law enforcement, nor the examiner can prove that the large stash of cash in their homes came from the Federal Reserve Bank. Technically, it isn't illegal to have a couple of hundred thousand dollars in cash lying around inside a private residence. However, they spent a large sum of that stolen cash to buy expensive objects and improvements on their houses, and did not pay the taxes for them because they couldn't justify the income. The IRS demands they pay their taxes, which turn out to be equal in amount to the money that still remains.\nEight months later, Bridget reveals to Nina and Jackie that she had stashed away much of the stolen money in the basement of a friend's bar.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Bridget convince to help her steal the cash?", "id": "3bea8b2f2ea04e7ea6cc5ce8619b547a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who suggests to Bridget that they stop stealing once the debt is paid?", "id": "a924040947184cf8bd88c40bd7600c41", "answers": []}, {"question": "In what bank does Bridget get a job as a janitor?", "id": "9ce17fe1a45a4a93badc70760db15d16", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Bridget and Don's cleaning lady?", "id": "7a8f5e30bc284028b1a5b1f94213ec09", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Selina's job?", "id": "bfd7340c216c44ea8e02ad0d5b8cf1ad", "answers": []}, {"question": "Bridget stashed away the stolen money in the basement of what type of business?", "id": "30c57b686d3c4307890321c1f45c7da4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nPolice officers Brian Taylor (Jake Gyllenhall) a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nPolice officers Brian Taylor (Jake Gyllenhall) and Mike Zavala (Michael Pe\u00f1a) are close friends and partners in the Los Angeles Police Department. Taylor is filming their police activities for a film project, attaching small cameras to his and Zavala's uniforms and carrying around a camcorder, much to the dismay of their peers and superiors. After shooting two suspects following a high speed chase, the shooting is declared justified by the D.A. and the officers are commended for their actions. Taylor and Zavala's antics are met with scorn by fellow officer Van Hauser (David Harbour).The officers respond to a call regarding a man, Mr. Tre (Cle Shaheed Sloan) scaring off a mailman while intoxicated. Upon arrival, Tre hurls racist insults at the Hispanic Zavala, who responds by accepting a fight, to Taylor's approval. Zavala beats him soundly and arrests him, but wins the man's respect for both fighting fair and not mentioning the fight in the report (which may have sent Tre to prison for life due to Three Strikes). Later that night, Tre and his friends are shot at by a group of Latino gang members and one of his friends is killed. The officers find the now-burnt vehicle used in the drive-by the next day, but are shooed off the scene by homicide detectives as well as Van Hauser, who warns them they will get screwed over by the LAPD someday.Responding to a missing persons report, the officers discover two children bound and locked away in a closet and arrest the distressed mother and her drug-addict husband.The cops arrive as a group at a loud outdoor party, the Hispanics from the drive by shooting are celebrating. The cops and partiers verbally joust and Brian sizes up the gang leader, Big Evil (Maurice Compte). The cops depart telling them to keep the noise down.Taylor begins dating Janet (Anna Kendrick) and feels Janet is the only girl he's dated who can connect with him on an intellectual level. Zavala, who is married and expecting a child, offers him relationship advice.Investigating the South Central area, Taylor has a hunch and determines to scope out the home of the mother of a known gang member and sees an expensive pick up truck in the driveway. A woman walks out of the house and delivers a large soup saucepan with lid to the man in the truck. As the truck drives away, the officers follow and then pull over the man in the truck, ostensibly for having CD hanging off the mirror and illegally obstructing the front view, which is minor traffic violation in California per VC 26708 . As Zavala approaches the driver's window to make contact, the driver suddenly draws a gun and fires, and Zavala deflects the man's arm just in time to avoid being shot. After arresting the driver, the officers find an ornately-decorated, compact .45 Colt automatic pistol, a gold-plated AK-47 rifle, and a large amount of money in his truck (hidden in the soup pot). As revealed later, the money and firearms are connected to a Mexican drug cartel operation in the South Central area as well as the gang that did the drive-by on Tre and others.Days later, the two officers are first responders at a house fire that has trapped children on the second floor. Zavala and Taylor enter the house and rescue two young children and are nearly overcome by heat and smoke. When the mother informs them that a third child remains inside, Zavala to rushes to the aid of the remaining child as Taylor reluctantly follows, barely making it out alive. The two are commended and receive the Medal of Valor for their actions, but Taylor has mixed emotions about the situation. Using the house fire incident as leverage, Taylor convinces Zavala to further investigate the South Central incident, to Zavala's chagrin. Arriving at the house, Taylor and Zavala notice suspicious behavior from outside and enter. They arrest another man, who is also in possession of several ornate firearms: a .45 Colt automatic similar to the first one found at the traffic stop, and a Walther PPK. Investigating further, Taylor discovers a hidden stash of Mexican and Asian ", "qas": [{"question": "Who are friends and partners?", "id": "7150290daf2b433cbbfd539f737420ab", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who yells racist insults at Zavala?", "id": "749f87e07e30435db9ef934b39351c7b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who ambushed the officers?", "id": "796df18346a4480aaff06cd05d43ef24", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whose body shielded Taylor's?", "id": "c7114f9bc64f4c9090804858a019633e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Taylor marry?", "id": "5f4234fa56634cf4a42795701e73860b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who beats and arrests Tre?", "id": "0141df4d62f14032bd33b025f1e87780", "answers": []}, {"question": "What are Taylora and Zavala awarded?", "id": "aff905ca61fc4d518140be61a6ce6f5a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film is a comedy of middle-class French life '", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film is a comedy of middle-class French life ' examining culture clashes, puncturing smugness, exposing fault lines, finding strength in romantic and familial relationships and discovering an underlying sadness that stops some way short of tragedy.'[3]\nThe film is set in a small town in Provence during a rainy August. Following the death of her widowed mother Agathe Villanova comes from Paris to deal with the sale of the home where she and her younger sister Florence were brought up, and to announce her entry into politics. She is the author of a feminist best-seller and a divorced film-maker Michel wants to make a TV documentary about her. Michel is having an affair with Agathe's sister. His collaborator is a young Algerian hotel clerk Karim, whose elderly mother has worked for most of her life as a servant with the Villanova family. Agathe's prejudice is put under the microscope when she records a series of interviews with Karim.\n'The characters weave around each other for a week or so, occasionally colliding...everyone comes to have a better knowledge of themselves..the dialogue rings true..the ensemble acting is perfect..The film compares favourably with the best of \u00c3\u0089ric Rohmer.' [4]\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Agathe?", "id": "0c8e8f507cda43ddb86fa368567f464a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Agathe Villanova's family home?", "id": "e5468816a4c44eec92a9815f18025e7c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Agathe Villanova?", "id": "89b29c78cab54a35ba4e4b987203f42e", "answers": []}, {"question": "On which person do Mimouna's son, Karim and his friend Michel Ronsard decide to make a documentary?", "id": "d39fee754bea40b0ba0d2d01b12105f8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What  is the name of the housekeeper who came to France with Villanova family when they left Algeria?", "id": "14c9c75932694c9b898abc9655027d63", "answers": []}, {"question": "What month is it?", "id": "2c88b5f5792f411a99a93b2a75402c49", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe movie opens with Ralph Wiggum singing along ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe movie opens with Ralph Wiggum singing along to the 20th Century Fox logo. We then cut to Itchy & Scratchy: The Movie. They are out on the moon. Itchy kills Scratchy and then returns to earth and is painted as a hero by the media. Shortly thereafter, Itchy is elected president. Later as Itchy is in the White House, he sees a supposedly dead Scratchy on the moon. Scratchy holds up a sign that says \"I'm telling\", which freaks President Itchy out. Itchy then retaliates by sending a hundred missiles toward Scratchy. This is then seen in the theater which is being attended by the Simpsons. Homer stands up and yells \"Boring!\". Lisa replies \"Dad, we can't see the movie!\". Homer then goes off on a tirade about why they're paying to watch something in the theater that they normally watch on TV, and that everyone in the audience is a gigantic sucker, especially you. Cue a very fancy and stylized version of the standard Simpsons opening theme.The opening ends with Green Day hosting a concert at Lake Springfield (Singing the Simpsons theme after the opening credits). After they finish their song, they talk about the environment. The audience becomes angry and begins to throw garbage at them polluting the lake and causing their barge to dissolve and sink, killing them. The next day at church, while they have a short memorial for Green Day, Grampa is possessed by God warns the city of a future disaster. Marge believes Grampa's prediction, and decides to work out the meaning of the message. Meanwhile, Lisa starts to talk about the environment, with no success. She encounters Colin, an Irish boy who shares the same passions as her. Homer gets a note from Marge of his chores, and one is fixing the sinkhole. Instead of fixing it, Homer puts Maggie's sandbox over it. His next chore is to fix the roof. While repairing the roof, Homer and Bart decide to have a dare contest. Homer dares Bart to climb the antenna. Bart does so, and gets stuck. Homer shakes it in order to get Bart down. Homer dares Bart to skateboard to Krusty Burger naked, which Bart object's to, saying girls will see his \"doodle\". After Homer threatens to call him chicken for the rest of his life, Bart agrees. Bart becomes stuck naked on the window of the building. After he is apprehended by the police, and tied to a Stop sign pole, Homer turns up and they decide to order a meal, he brings him socks and a shirt, and no pants. Inside the restuarant, Ned Flanders helps Bart out by giving him a pair of pants, and understands his feelings which begins a relationship and mutual respect between the two. Meanwhile Krusty is filming a commercial. When recording finishes Krusty orders for the pig he is using in the commercial to be slaughtered, causing it to flee to Homer who adopts him, and calls him Spider-Pig. That evening Lisa holds a conference at city hall, called \"An Irritating Truth\" and explains that the town lake cannot sustain anymore pollution. Mayor Quimby declares a state of emergency and orders the cleansing and protection of Lake Springfield.They put up a fence around the lake to halt further dumping, and announce it is idiot proof, using Cletus as an example to try to throw a possum in the lake, and fail. Soon, Marge asks Homer where \"Spider-Pig's/Harry Plopper's\" waste is going. Homer shows her an overflowing silo, asking how a pig can fill it up in two days, Homer replies that he helped, horrifying Marge who tells Homer to dispose of it safely. While waiting in a queue at the dump Homer is told by Lenny that Lard Lad Donuts has been shut down and that they are giving away free donuts. Homer, in his haste to get to the giveaway decides on a quicker means of disposal and dumps the silo into the lake, causing it to become heavily polluted. A nearby squirrel jumps into it and becomes severely mutated, with many eyes. Nearby, ", "qas": [{"question": "What does Homer name his adopted pig?", "id": "b92c2e9e42d6457cb52acd872a8c0482", "answers": []}, {"question": "What do Lisa and Colin convince the entire town to clean?", "id": "deebc0c923ef4c33906ceabeae5d5bba", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do the music group Green Day perform?", "id": "fe3954abbde34d749cfd0d3c336764c9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Simon Miller (Loren Dean) outwardly appears to be ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Simon Miller (Loren Dean) outwardly appears to be a geologist who must frequently take business trips, which has strained the relationship with his family, including his wife Meredith (Robyn Lively) and teenage children Sarah (Skyler Day) and Kevin (Drew Koles). When Simon suddenly goes missing, his family searches his office and discovers several passports, each with different aliases. They soon learn that Simon was in fact a spy who kept his true career secret from them. Simon mysteriously calls home and warns his family not to tell anyone about his disappearances, then abruptly hangs up. His family begins a search for Simon, which takes them to locations around the world. Sarah, an honor student, uses her foreign language skills to help, and Kevin uses his knowledge of technology.[1] They receive assistance from Amanda (Christine Baranski), another covert operative who initially appears to be a friend, but appears to have her own motives.[2]\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is Simon Miller's job?", "id": "835f5ec1dd9d44478ea9afb8e8617523", "answers": []}, {"question": "What do they find in Simon's office?", "id": "0663dc61a98a4de1918532726d129e9d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who mysteriously disappears one night?", "id": "1b442630861f40d38f0950e448904c5a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film opens in North Africa, 1600, with the Eng", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film opens in North Africa, 1600, with the English mercenary Solomon Kane as he leads his ship's crew into battle against the Ottoman occupiers of a fortress town. After defeating the defenders, Kane and his men raid the fortress, where most of the crew are killed by demons. Kane fights his way to the throne room, but, before he can loot the riches, he is confronted by a demon that tells him his soul is forfeit to Satan. Solomon rejects his fate and jumps out a window. Following this encounter, Solomon returns to England and finds sanctuary in a monastery. After a prophetic dream, the abbot apologetically expels Kane, and Kane travels by foot to his ancestral estate, from which he had been expelled in his youth after defying his father. Along the way, he is ambushed by robbers who mock his vow of pacifism and leave him for dead. He is found and treated by the Crowthorns, a family of Puritans traveling west to the New World. When the Crowthorns are slaughtered by corrupted followers of the evil sorcerer Malachi, Kane renounces his vows and swears to avenge their deaths and rescue Meredith Crowthorn, who has been marked by a witch and kidnapped by the Masked Rider, Malachi's lieutenant.\nKane battles Malachi's followers across the countryside, rescuing many captives but not finding Meredith. On his journey, he meets a deranged priest who explains Malachi's followers are taking the weaker survivors of their raids as slaves and corrupting the strong into soldiers. The priest tries to feed Kane to his parishioners, who have become ghouls, but Kane escapes, only to face the robbers who attacked him earlier, now corrupted servants of Malachi. He kills two of the robbers and interrogates the survivor, who tells Solomon that Meredith is dead. Kane throws the robber to the ghouls, and, believing his quest for redemption has failed, drinks to excess at a country inn. Former shipmates recognise him and try to recruit him as a leader of a resistance against Malachi, but Kane refuses. Malachi's followers attack the inn at dawn and crucify the leaders of the resistance, including Kane. As Kane hangs on the cross, Meredith cries out his name from her cage in the back of the raiders' wagon; Kane realises that he still has a chance to save her and pulls himself free. Before Malachi's remaining men can finish him, they are killed by survivors of the resistance, who take Kane to safety. Kane is healed by an old witch and is soon anxious to confront the raiders.\nThe resistance explain Malachi's background as a former healer who made a bargain with the Devil, and reveal that he now lives in Kane's ancestral home. Kane leads them into the castle via an underground passage, and, as the resistance fights Malachi's soldiers, Kane heads for the dungeons and frees many of the captives. There he finds not Meredith but his father, who explains that the Masked Rider is Kane's older brother Marcus, whom Kane thought he had accidentally killed after his banishment. Instead, Marcus was critically injured, and, when healers failed to revive him, his father turned to Malachi. Disfigured and turned to Malachi's will, Marcus becomes the Masked Rider. Solomon reluctantly acquiesces to his father's request and kills him, then heads to the throne room to confront Malachi. There, Kane finds Meredith in a cage, and as she warns him of a trap, Marcus stabs him in the back. Kane tries to reason with Marcus, but they engage in a duel; Kane wins after setting Marcus on fire and decapitating him. Malachi uses Meredith's blood to release a demon sent to claim Kane's soul, but Kane shoots Malachi dead and sacrifices himself to close the portal. Meredith believes Kane to be dead, but he awakens and explains that he has finally redeemed his soul. Kane reunites Meredith with her remaining family and buries his father and brother. In a final voice-over, he declares his intention to roam the Earth and oppose the forces of darkness.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the priest turned sorcerer?", "id": "a09b2c7f9365400eba223ea5d0567de8", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe officials of a city unveil a new statue, onl", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe officials of a city unveil a new statue, only to find The Tramp sleeping on it. They shoo him away and he wanders the streets, destitute and homeless, and is soon tormented by two newsboys. He happens upon a beautiful Flower Girl (Virginia Cherrill), not realizing at first that she is blind, and buys a flower. Just when she is about to give him his change, a man gets into a nearby luxury car and is driven away, making her think that the Tramp has departed. The Tramp tiptoes away.\nThat evening, the Tramp runs into a drunken Millionaire (Harry Myers) who is attempting suicide on the waterfront. (It is later mentioned that his wife has sent for her bags.) The Tramp eventually convinces The Millionaire he should live. He takes the Tramp back to his mansion and gives him a change of clothes. They go out for a night on the town, where the Tramp inadvertently causes much havoc. Early the next morning, they return to the mansion and encounter the Flower Girl en route to her vending spot. The Tramp asks The Millionaire for some money, which he uses to buy all the girl's flowers and then drives her home in the Millionaire's Rolls-Royce.After he leaves, the Flower Girl tells her Grandmother (Florence Lee) about her wealthy acquaintance. When the Tramp returns to the mansion, the Millionaire has sobered and does not remember him, so has the butler order him out. Later that day, the Millionaire meets the Tramp again while intoxicated, and invites him home for a lavish party. The next morning, having sobered again and planning to leave for a cruise, the Millionaire again has the Tramp tossed out.Returning to the Flower Girl's apartment, the Tramp spies her being attended by a doctor. Deciding to take a job to earn money for her, he becomes a street sweeper. Meanwhile, the Grandmother receives a notice that she and the girl will be evicted if they cannot pay their back rent by the next day, but hides it. The Tramp visits the girl on his lunch break, and sees a newspaper story about a Viennese doctor who has devised an operation that cures blindness. He then finds the eviction notice and reads it aloud at the girl's request. He reassures her that he will pay the rent. But he returns to work late and is fired.As he is walking away, a boxer persuades him to stage a fake fight, promising to split the $50 prize money. Just before the bout, however, the man receives a telegram warning him that the police are after him. He flees, leaving the Tramp a no-nonsense replacement opponent. Despite a valiant effort, the Tramp is knocked out.Some time later, he meets the drunken Millionaire who has just returned from Europe. The Millionaire takes him to the mansion and after he hears the girl's plight, gives the Tramp $1,000. Unbeknownst to the Millionaire and the Tramp, two burglars were hiding in the house when they entered. Upon hearing about the cash, they knock out the millionaire and take the rest of his money. The Tramp telephones for the police, but the robbers flee before they arrive, and the butler assumes he stole the money. The Millionaire cannot remember the Tramp or giving him the $1,000. The Tramp narrowly escapes and gives the money to the girl saying he will be going away for a while. Later, he is arrested in front of the newsboys who taunted him earlier, and jailed.Months later, the Tramp is released. Searching for the girl, he returns to her customary street corner but does not find her. With her sight restored, the girl has opened up a flourishing flower shop with her Grandmother. When a rich customer comes into the shop, the girl briefly wonders if he is her mysterious benefactor. But when he leaves with no acknowledgement, she realizes again she is wrong. While retrieving a flower from the gutter outside the shop, the Tramp is again tormented by the two newsboys. As he turns to leave, he finds himself staring at the girl ", "qas": [{"question": "How does the fight end for the Tramp?", "id": "2a89f45b1c8646d3a1e1853e2c52e9bb", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the Tramp find and read aloud to the Flower girl?", "id": "4e576f50e37247bcb493fc25dc328ab0", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kind of shop did the girl open?", "id": "ace4841a98be4b55b57ffa128aecf2f6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did the girl open the shop with?", "id": "d95a402fd3ea46feb693acc38516617f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who knocks out the Millionaire?", "id": "c18815083cac46b0b02fdc345e016359", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who sees the Flower Girl being attended by a doctor?", "id": "6054e1ae58a64e5b8713c44ad0df4f84", "answers": []}, {"question": "What job does the Tramp take, to earn money for the Flower Girl?", "id": "68e5a74bc62b4297879b76f36cf3fdda", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who telephones the police?", "id": "0b4441df7a814534aeb46e077d8caf95", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where has The Drunken Millionaire just returned from?", "id": "54998ab31d7242648f1ec7360e8af60c", "answers": []}, {"question": "How much money does the Millionaire give the tramp?", "id": "ca9599746eec49068e94601e9aaff015", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the operation, devised by the Viennese doctor, cure?", "id": "175786c18f1a4ade95d333f757cb25f8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does the Little tramp meet first ?", "id": "8552abfcd4f64fe3a11aafa431fb2095", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many burglars were hiding in the house?", "id": "5acf83344b8f4396932b7beae4ee49ae", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does the Flower Girl talk about her wealthy acquaintance with?", "id": "e07cc22712bc48268a6d20b217b4f30d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the Tramp find and read aloud to the girl?", "id": "a6e0b6d30e3a436d9c70b4f237e04cd0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does the Butler think stole the money?", "id": "0094124694154db3985a74d1c4c024c9", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the Tramp do for the Flower Girl?", "id": "e4c7b0d225164cbe873e4df45561cb42", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nParents are lectured about the dangers of their ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nParents are lectured about the dangers of their children using marijuana with a cautionary tale of what happened to once-innocent kids became addicted to the drug: their mind alterations lead to a car accident, a shooting, and an innocent boy being brought to trial.--------------------------------------------------Synopsis written by KrystelClaire:A long written essay against marijuana.Newspaper reels and first pages telling of how the police is tackling the issue of the marijuana war. In one of them, there is an advertisement telling parents to attend Alfred Carroll (Josef Forte)'s lecture at the School-Parents Association in Truman high school auditorium. He mentions that marijuana was grown in a tenement court in New York.Cut to Mae (Thelma White) who is woken up rudely by Pete Daley (Richard Alexander) who wants to lure kids into criminality. Three friends separate. Ralph (Dave O'Brien) points to some attractive young women. The girl Ralph wants most is Jimmy Harper (Warren McCullom)'s sister. Bill (Kenneth Craig) thinks she's interested as well. They go to a jazz place, where Mae sits uncomfortably as she knows that the real objective is to lure kids into drugs. The audience can see Ralph smoking like crazy in a separate room. The say goodbye to Joe (Lester Dorr), the bartender.Mary (Dorothy Short) takes Jimmy home, where Mrs Lane (Mary MacLaren) is happy to see them performing Shakespeare in a ridiculous way. When they kiss, she intervenes. Jimmy says goodbye and falls into a fountain garden. Junior (Bob Burns) laughs about Jimmy having a girlfriend.Ralph and Jimmy go partying. Mae distributes marijuana cigarettes - her husband is delighted that he already has a new kid in the bag: Jimmy. Mary encourages Jimmy to smoke. Ralphs laughs like a maniac: he knows he's succeeded. He goes to see Jack (Carleton Young), who thinks that kids are the best prey - now we would consider young adults, he doesn't mean children. Jimmy drives while high on dope. He scares Jack with his reckless driving and runs over a man.When Jimmy arrives home, it's dinner time. He is shocked, and tired, and his sister notices, but not his mother. Mr Wayne (Edward Earle) thinks that there marijuana is not as dangerous as other drugs, in spite of Mr Carroll's insistence.Jimmy's grades are much worse. Dr Carroll tries to make him confide on him, but Jimmy says that he's worried about a home problem, and just leaves. Mary doesn't play tennis. Jimmy dances at Mae's while he's high. Jimmy makes love to a girl while Ralph laughs like a maniac.The police questions Jimmy's sister if she used her car on the 29th. Mary lies to protect him. Joe gives Mary the address where Jimmy is. Mary sits to wait for Jimmy, and Mae's husband offers her a marijuana cigarette, which she smokes without realising it's not tobacco she's using. Mary starts laughing for no reason. Mary rejects Pete Daley), but Jimmy, completely doped, at first believes that they are making love. When he intervenes, there is a fight between Ralph and Jimmy. In the ensuing fight, the gun which Ralph uses goes off and kills Mary. Ralph dusts the gun off and puts it into Jimmy's hand, who's still doped. When they wake him up, they make him believe that he killed Mary.Jack prepares an alibi for himself. Carroll declares in front to the judge and jury that he's seen Jimmy very much changed, and that marijuana was to blame. The Judge (Edward LeSaint) presides. The jurors (Marin Sais, Phil Dunham) stare at the declarations in shock. Blanche (Lillian Milles) feels sorry for Jimmy, but Jack tells her to shut up.The prosecuting attorney (William Royle) blames marijuana as the cause of the murder. Jimmy is in shock. One of the jurors thinks that Jimmy may have been insane, but the foreman (Frank O'Connor) makes a case for all the opposite: they want to hang Jimmy Harper as soon as possible", "qas": [{"question": "What does mae sell to customers her age", "id": "1f46f8b98c28475a85d3f7f723aee8c3", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does jack sells to young teengers", "id": "06f2f03867a14bf38d035ec4eb87b864", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe Bat has struck again, making off with a pric", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe Bat has struck again, making off with a priceless necklace even after warning the police that he would rob the safe at precisely 1 a.m., after which he intends to go to country in order to give the police a rest. On his way through the village of Oakdale, the Bat notices someone robbing the Oakdale bank. Intrigued, the Bat follows the robber, who leads him to the old Fleming mansion.Inside the Fleming mansion, Cornelia van Gorder [Grayce Hamptom] and her ditzy maid Lizzie Allen [Maude Eburne] are discussing Cornelia's decision to rent the house for the summer. The big old house is a scary place, and Lizzie doesn't like the strange sounds, the strange caretaker [Spencer Charters], and the strange stories he tells about seeing ghosts in the house. Add to the fact that the Bat has taken to the country, and Lizzie is terrified of everything and anything. She's even gone so far as to set a bear trap outside her bedroom window, just in case the Bat decides to pay a vist. When Cornelia's niece Dale [Una Merkel], who works at the Oakdale Bank, returns home with her boyfriend Brook Bailey[William Bakewell] and tries to pass him off as a gardener, Cornelia is immediately suspicious (Cornelia: Any experience with alopecias? Brook: They dry up if you don't water them.), but Cornelia hires him anyway, at least until she can find out why Dale has brought him home.A rock suddenly comes crashing through the window. A note on it reads: Get out of the house now while there is still time. Immediately thereafter, Dr Venrees [Gustav von Seyffertitz] drops by to inform Cornelia that the Oakdale bank has been robbed of a half million dollars and that Fleming, Sr, the owner of the mansion, is returning from Europe so Cornelia will have to vacate the house. Then, a heavy painting moves, and a voice from behind warns them to get out of the house. Becoming concerned, Cornelia phones the police. When Detective Anderson [Chester Morris] shows up, Cornelia explains her suspicion that Fleming, Jr [Hugh Huntley] is trying to frighten her out of the house, possibly because he rented it to her while his father was out of the country. Nowthat his father is returning, she thinks he may be trying to frighten her into leaving.Soon everyone begins acting suspiciously. The doctor unlocks the broken window and \"forgets\" to relock it until Cornelia relocks it herself. Alone in the parlor for a few moments, Venrees unlocks the window again. Brook starts going around the house pounding on the walls. Dale phones Fleming Jr and asks him to come over. When he does, he brings a blueprint of the house so that they can locate a hidden room. Before they can find it, he is murdered, and Dale hides a piece torn from the blueprint under a tray. A storm is approaching, and the lightning knocks out the electricity. Someone phones from the garage, but when Det Anderson goes out to check, there is no one there. Detective Jones [Charles Dow Clark] arrives to help with the investigation. Dr Venrees finds the torn piece from the blueprint showing that the hidden room is behind a fireplace, but Det Anderson forces him to hand it over. When Anderson is poring over the blueprint, Venrees clobbers him with a heavy statue and locks his body in a closet. In the lightning flashes, the silhouette of the Bat can be seen peering into the window.It gets even more intriguing. Brook turns out to be a cashier from the bank and the primary suspect in the theft. Fleming Sr is seen walking on the roof when he's supposed to be out of the country. Dale finds the secret room behind a fireplace and gets locked in, along with the Bat, Mr Fleming Sr, and the money. The Bat shoots Fleming Sr. Dale escapes and leads Inspector Jones, Cornelia, and Dr Venrees to the secret room. Just as the fireplace swings open, Venrees blows out the candle, allowing whomever was in the room to escape. Finally, ", "qas": [{"question": "Who sets up the bear trap?", "id": "a3a2714bbed04f4bb1c2986b37c2510e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do Brook  and Dale think the money from the robbery is hidden?", "id": "dd5b335a73594a0cb693da045fd6ca84", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who played Detective Anderson?", "id": "91e762ed5f7346669f1999f96fea5acf", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Anderson accuse?", "id": "d92a8ef840604c35b35475c0738e2827", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the mysterious criminal?", "id": "506eeefcf70f41fca9d5bfff9ba3d03b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where was the man found unconscious?", "id": "829a0408fcdc46fbb05a7987ea60575a", "answers": []}, {"question": "The occupants of the house see the shadow of that animal?", "id": "d1ee675ac7294672be4bda6494d2579c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Anderson question?", "id": "0beb93e9e21a4b40aba8fbc40c9d5fec", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Mrs. Van Gordner send for?", "id": "df4a0db54a8e4d46b14ff24ac2831bc8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was thrown at the window?", "id": "eac8b7117e804948900566afaea247b9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who sent the telegram?", "id": "210d4824351f4c45b20bb1be777d5cc2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\n(Because the film has a very complicated plot an", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\n(Because the film has a very complicated plot and features many characters, the events will be told mostly in chronological order to render the plot clearer, rather than strictly adhering to the order we see in the film.)General Sternwood has two daughters: the elder one is Vivian (Lauren Bacall) and the younger one is Carmen, who is a carefree, childish and problematic young woman.General Sternwood has a man named Sean Regan working for him. With the help of Sean, the general has made a man named Joe Brody leave Carmen alone, by giving him 5.000 Dollars.Carmen loves Sean but Sean loves the wife of a man named Eddie Mars, so he refuses Carmens advances. One day, Carmen kills Sean when she is drunk because of her unrequited love. Eddie hides Seans body. He then makes up the story that Sean and his wife have run away together and nobody sees Sean after that day. To support this story, he actually makes his own wife go away and start living in a remote place. Even the general doesnt know Seans whereabouts and wonders why he has left all of a sudden. Eddie then proceeds to blackmail Vivian for Carmens murder. As a way of eliciting money from Vivian, Eddie makes her win big money at his gambling house with cheats, and then he takes all the money from her.Carmens troublesome adventures are not over, though. A man named Arthur Gwynn Geiger blackmails General Sternwood to take the gambling debts of Carmen. The general hires Philip Marlowe (Humphrey Bogart) to get rid of Geigers blackmail. Vivian talks to Marlowe, thinking that her father has actually hired him to find Sean Regan. Afraid that Carmen may get into trouble, she tries to take words from Marlowes mouth about his inquiry. But she learns that her father has not actually hired Marlowe about Sean.Marlowe goes to Geigers so-called antique books shop and sees a woman named Agnes, who makes it impossible for him to talk to Geiger. Then Marlowe waits at the bookshop across the street until the evening and follows Geiger and his right arm Carol Lundgren to Geigers house. Before Marlowe gets in the house, however, important things happen. Owen Taylor, driver for the Sternwoods, is in love with Carmen. He goes to Geigers house with her and kills Geiger for her. A secret camera, however, takes Carmens photo just at the moment of the murder. Owen then takes the film from the hidden camera, gets in the car and goes away. Joe Brody, also present that night, follows Owen, takes the film from him to blackmail Carmen, (and most probably) kills Owen and pushes his car in the water.When Marlowe gets in Geigers house, he sees Carmen with the dead body of Gaiger lying on the ground. Marlowe takes Carmen home and tells Vivian to say that Carmen has been home all night if asked by anyone. When he goes back to Geigers house, he sees that his dead body has been taken away.Later, Owens dead body is found in the car in the water. He has been killed before falling into the water. Marlowe learns from Vivian that Owen was interested in Carmen. Vivian then tells Marlowe that somebody is blackmailing her for Carmens photo taken at the night of Geigers murder. The blackmailer, who wants 5.000 Dollars, is actually Agnes. It is Joe Brody that makes her blackmail Vivian. Vivian tells Marlowe that she can take the money from Eddie.When Marlowe meets with Carmen once again at Geigers house, she tells him that it was Joe who took her photo that night. Eddie comes along and tries to scare Marlowe out of his inquiries.Later, Marlowe finds Joe Brody and questions him about Geiger. Agnes and Vivian are also at his house. Carmen comes along with a gun and threatens to kill Joe if he doesnt give her the photo. Carmen takes the photo and she leaves with Vivian. Then the doorbell rings again and somebody kills Joe, then escapes. Marlowe catches the man, who turns out to be Carol (Geigers right arm), who thinks that it was Joe who killed Geiger. Marlowe and Carol then go to ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is running up gambling debts?", "id": "b945edc6a44e4208b5d70e1afd41b2b7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who goes to Geiger's rare book shop ?", "id": "0eea0516e58d474188b3912ccaac692c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who killed Brody?", "id": "600df534b981489a99ebcedc1aca4ea8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who helped Charlotte cover up the muder of Rusty?", "id": "8dbf5468ed57448191a34ad4bafd70e5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was Brody blackmailing?", "id": "faece6a2f6fc49d7aca6629f8557ad1c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was at Geiger's house when Marlowe returned to Geiger's house?", "id": "37164adef36d457ab84b6eec0c535825", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Lash Canino work for?", "id": "b4144cd9c6db4621a91861878eebd013", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has Mars been blackmailing?", "id": "5b9c545be7f843659ddb73cabea042a7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was previously blackmailed by gambler Joe Brody?", "id": "18a0ca5446704a71b497d1555beed3e4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who attacked Marlowe?", "id": "d5da843cf802409896e6954c74ab499d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who minds Geiger's rare book shop ?", "id": "820212ee6dc24162bee329b4c61c91de", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Academy-bus driver Jang Kyung-chul happens upon Ja", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Academy-bus driver Jang Kyung-chul happens upon Jang Joo-yun one snowy night and offers to help fix her flat tire. Kyung-chul kills her and scatters her body parts. When a boy discovers one of Joo-yun's ears, the police are called in under the command of Section Chief Oh and Squad Chief Jang, the latter of whom is the father of Joo-yun. Kim Soo-hyun, a secret service agent of the National Intelligence Service (NIS) and Joo-yun's fianc\u00c3\u00a9, vows to track down and take vengeance on Joo-yun's murderer.\nJang supplies Soo-hyun with a list of four suspects, including Kyung-chul. Searching Kyung-chul's home, Soo-hyun finds jewelry and underwear taken from (apparently) numerous victims. The discovery of Joo-yun's engagement ring proves that Kyung-chul is the killer. Soo-hyun puts a tracking device on the academy bus, following then attacking Kyung-chul while he is sexually assaulting his latest victim\u00e2\u0080\u0094one of the schoolgirls he was transporting home. Beating him unconscious, Soo-hyun places an NIS transmitter inside Kyung-chul, allowing him to track him on radar and listen to his conversations. Waking up, Kyung-chul flags down a taxi. During the ride, Kyung-chul realizes that the two men in the cab are thugs looking to rob and possibly kill him; he stabs both men to death. After finding the real taxi driver in the trunk, Kyung-chul disposes of all three bodies before going to a medical center, where he attempts to sexually assault a nurse Han Song-yi. Soo-hyun intervenes and slashes Kyung-chul's Achilles tendon before letting him go again.\nKyung-chul goes to the home of his friend Tae-joo, a cannibalistic murderer. After explaining his situation, Tae-joo remarks that whoever is after him must have some relation to one of his victims. Soo-hyun arrives, proceeding to incapacitate both murderers along with Tae-joo's girlfriend Se-jung. The next day, both Tae-joo and Se-jung are found by the police and sent to a hospital. A trusted subordinate of Soo-hyun's ensures he and Kyung-chul are sent to a private medical area away from the police. The barely conscious Kyung-chul hears them talk about the transmitter inside him.\nSoo-hyun dumps Kyung-chul, intending to continue stalking him. Kyung-chul taunts him over the transmitter, now knowing who he is. Kyung-chul brutally assaults a store owner, forcing Soo-hyun to rush to the aid of the victim. Kyung-chul uses this time to defecate out the transmitter and place it inside a taxi driver he viciously assaults. Soo-hyun interrogates Tae-joo and learns that Kyung-chul is going after Joo-yun's father Jang and sister Jang Se-yun.\nSoo-hyun arrives too late to stop Kyung-chul, who blinds Jang with a dumbbell and mutilates Se-yun. He abducts Kyung-chul before he can turn himself over to the police. Soo-hyun tortures him physically and mentally before setting up a guillotine above Kyung-chul's head that is soon activated when his parents and son arrive to visit and open the door to the room he is in. Placing a transmitter nearby, Soo-hyun's hears the death of Kyung-chul and his family's reaction to his decapitated corpse. Alternating between sobbing and fits of laughter, Soo-hyun suffers a mental breakdown while walking away from the house.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Kyung-chul?", "id": "bca93cc201b44ebaa21bd90b27798494", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the Daughter of the police chief?", "id": "1922f552e95f4a61a50b0cd8676caa43", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who vows to catch Kyung-chul after her kills his fiance?", "id": "6d6d0f6fbf704cd59510d5c8f7ebbad6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe movie opens with James Reece (Jonathan Rhys ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe movie opens with James Reece (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) driving through the streets of Paris in a black SUV to work. Reece works in the American Embassy as an aide to Ambassador Bennington (Richard Durden), the U.S. Ambassador to France. Taking a delivery of some forms from the Ambassador's secretary, he goes over Bennington's itinerary for the next few days, centering around a major summit in which the U.S., France, and several other nations are preparing foreign aid to the African continent. Bennington shows that he is more absorbed right now in a chess game he's playing with Reece during all this time. Despite paying less attention to the board and the game than Bennington is, Reece quickly checkmates him to win.Reece receives a call from an unknown source (voiced by David Gasman) directing him to a silver BMW in the parking lot, excusing himself with a cover story to Bennington that he has to review the Summit's planned seating arrangement. Going to the parking lot, Reece opens a code-locked security compartment in the trunk of his SUV to reveal a firearm and several French license plates. He removes the license plate from the silver BMW and replaces it with one of the plates he has stowed away in his SUV. He then moves his SUV to another parking space and waits there, watching the silver BMW. He watches several men get into the vehicle, put a briefcase into its trunk, and drive away.Arriving home, Reece gets another call from the same source. Reece is in fact a CIA operative working in the Embassy as a cover. He does minor jobs for his superiors, and is eager to move up into Special Ops. His superior assures him he'll get his chance, but for right now he is needed to secure a hidden transmission chip in the French Foreign Minister's office during a meeting with Ambassador Bennington. Reece doesn't believe he was given a chip, but is told it's in his left jacket pocket. Checking his jacket, he finds the chip there.Sitting in his apartment, Reece examines the chip. He is interrupted by a knock on his door. It's his girlfriend, Caroline (Kasia Smutnak) (pronounced Cah-roll-een, the 'ine' being pronounced like in the word 'magazine'). Caroline kisses Reece and tells him she has a surprise. She sits him in a chair and makes him keep his back to her. He can hear her undressing and changing into a different outfit. When she tells him to look, his jaw drops at the sight of her wearing a sexy strapless dress. He thinks he recognizes the fabric, and Caroline tells him she made it out of their bedroom curtains-- Caroline is a clothing designer. The two of them quickly start to undress as they head into the bedroom to make out.Reece arrives the next day at the conference site to give Bennington a summary of what is intended to be discussed at the meeting. Bennington invites Reece to attend the meeting with him.During the meeting, Reece discreetly takes the chip (disguising it by putting a piece of gum in his mouth and offering another piece to the Minister's secretary) and tries to put it under the lampstand beside his seat, using his chewing gum as an adhesive. However, the gum fails to hold and twice it falls back to the floor in plain sight. Frustrated, and barely managing to keep the chip hidden, as a diversion Reece finally questions the Foreign Minister (Eric Godon) about his having several Goyas in his office. The Minister says he does, and offers to show them to Bennington, who is very interested in Goya art. As Bennington accompanies the Minister and secretary to see the Goyas, leaving Reece alone in the meeting room, Reece takes the stapler from the Minister's desk and staples the chip to the underside of the desk... but accidentally leaves the stapler open as he exits.Arriving home that evening, Reece is disquieted as the lights in the hallway go out. He finds what looks like a trail of blood leading to a door out onto the roof of the building. Grabbing a broom left in ", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of Reese's fiance?", "id": "8c7acccb44ba4f05b1e914e5e5cc50a0", "answers": []}, {"question": "What are the terrorists targeting?", "id": "33928d7c52304568acb0e75e9564633c", "answers": []}, {"question": "whose photograph is pinned to a wall?", "id": "7d9fc310df60477f8e79499e78813cdb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does James Reese live?", "id": "f421d4f2e1374634a9a377df1a62a2b1", "answers": []}, {"question": "whose goal is to trace the money?", "id": "9865a2f0acd34391a8f557d85132d203", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nSarah Williams (Jennifer Connelly) was a teenage", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nSarah Williams (Jennifer Connelly) was a teenager with a large imagination and love for fantasy stories, so much so that she enacted her favorite storybook, the Labyrinth, whenever she could. She happened to have been pretending that she was the heroine in her story while wandering in the park near her house when the clock on the near by city hall building struck, informing her it was 7pm. She realized she was an hour late and needed to get home to watch her baby stepbrother, Toby (Toby Froud). After arguing with her stepmother about her tardiness and feeling ignored by her father, Sarah was left alone with her fussy infant brother. Angered that her stepmother had given her brother one of her favorite teddy bears, a tattered toy called Lancelot, Sarah shouted into the air for someone to take her away from 'this awful place.' To get Toby to stop crying, she told him the story of how the Goblin King was in love with the girl who was 'forced to stay at home with the baby' and that he had 'given her certain powers.' But Sarah in no way believed this story could be real.In anger that the child wouldn't stop crying, Sarah did call for the goblins to take her brother. They took Toby away and Jareth (David Bowie), the King of the Goblins, gave her an option; she could take her dreams or spend 13 hours in his kingdom, an ever-changing maze called the Labyrinth. If she was able to get to the castle at the center within the specified time, her brother would be spared from becoming a goblin. Sarah was resolved to save her brother and the king left her to do her task.She immediately met an ancient looking dwarf with a feisty attitude who showed her how to enter the Labyrinth. His name was Hoggle (voice Brian Henson) and he told her not to take anything for granted in that place; she didn't seem to find him very helpful and basically told him to leave. However, eventually she got herself stuck in an oubliette, and the one sent by the Goblin King to 'rescue' her was Hoggle.But Hoggle was beginning to like Sarah and against the orders he was given to send her back to the beginning of the Labyrinth, having her start all over again, and therefore be late, he made the choice to help her get to the center and reach her brother. This did not bode well with Jareth, who in umbrage at Sarah's haughty attitude took three hours of her time away and threatened to send Hoggle to the most horrible place known in the Labyrinth for his betrayal, a stinky land of slimy mud called the Bog of Eternal Stench. Then Jareth turned to Sarah and asked her how she was enjoying his Labyrinth. When she flippantly said it was a 'piece of cake,' the king sent a machine covered in spinning knives after her and Hoggle, then disappeared. They were able to escape, yet Hoggle got scared by the sound of a howling creature and said he was a friend to no one but himself, leaving Sarah to fend for herself.Sarah forced herself not to be afraid, remembering she had been told 'things aren't always what they seem in this place.' She found Ludo, a giant furry beast and a gentle creature despite his massive size, who became her friend when she saved him from being tortured by a bunch of goblins. But she became separated from Ludo too and found herself in a strange forest where she met the Firies, creatures that were able to dismember themselves and take off their heads. They tried to take off her head, which of course didn't work, but they didn't stop trying to mutilate her, so she threw their heads away. Hoggle came to her rescue, but she didn't know that the Goblin King had threatened that if she ever kissed him, he would immediately be sent to the Bog. As soon as her lips touched the dwarf's bald head in a kiss of gratitude for being rescued, the stones beneath them shook and they fell to the Bog. Thankfully they did", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the large beast Sarah befriends?", "id": "7e73c51bff0640fd9339e036bc62b41a", "answers": []}, {"question": "What are the creatures with detachable body parts called that assault Sarah?", "id": "fd5db45eb82140ceabeddf4d2febbcff", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Sarah reunite with in the oubliette?", "id": "c1520a515ca743d99911f63fe9f7902a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film opens in the middle of the night as the", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens in the middle of the night as the Sherwood robbers run through the forest. The robbers run through Nottingham and put their horses into a stable. Lady Marion (Cate Blanchett), wife of Sir Robert Loxley, rouses her servants and demands that they open the gates. Taking an arrow and setting it aflame, she shoots it at the feet of one of the robbers and tells them that she can see them. After they leave, she realizes that the seeds and grain of Nottingham were stolen and that they won't have anything to plant come spring.Robin Longstride (Russell Crowe) leads his men through the forest back to their own camp. When he fought in the Crusades, Robin was only an archer. As English troops lead an assault on a French stronghold, Robin and his men fight valiantly alongside King Richard the Lionheart (Danny Huston). A young archer attempts to plant a bomb bag on the portcullis but gets stuck. Robin races to him and rescues him before the French can kill him. Robin then retreats to safety before igniting the gate. The English troops attack the breach.Back in England, Richard's younger brother, Prince John (Oscar Isaac), is cheating on his wife Isabel (Jessica Raine) with Isabella (L\u00e9a Seydoux), the niece of the French king. John's mother Eleanor of Aquitaine (Eileen Atkins) walks in, passing his wife, who is standing sadly outside the room. John asks his mother to leave but she tells him that his behavior has given the king of France the excuse he needs to invade. She tells him to go to his wife, but he responds that his wife is barren. John expresses his desire to divorce his wife and marry the French girl since he anticipates becoming king upon Richard's death.Robin sets up a memory game where he hides a pea under three cups. Most people fall for it, but Little John (Kevin Durand) is determined to beat the game. When Robin offers three choices, Little John accuses him of hiding the pea in his hand while turning all of the cups. However, removing all three cups reveals that the pea was in the center cup all the time. Little John attacks Robin and they fight it out until they're interrupted by the king's arrival. When the king asks who started the fight, Robin says that it was his fault. The king talks to Robin and asks if he is honest enough to tell him his thoughts on the Crusade. The king wonders whether God would be pleased; Robin says no. The slaughter of the Muslims in their last battle made Robin feel that God did not approve of their actions and that they had acted like barbarians. Robin and his men are put in the stocks and Robin swears that he is done fighting and will return home once released.In nearby woods, Sir Godfrey (Mark Strong) visits King Philip (Jonathan Zacca\u00ef) of France. Philip notes that Sir Godfrey is of French and English heritage and asks where his allegiance lies. Godfrey pledges his allegiance to King Philip and Philip requests that Godfrey kill King Richard the Lionheart so that Philip may attack England under the leadership of the inept John. Sir Godfrey agrees.Meanwhile, King Richard leads his men in battle with the French. Upon breaching the perimeter, an archer shoots King Richard through the neck. As he dies, his men call for a doctor but can only comfort his passing with wine. His knights gather the crown and prepare to depart for the boats back to England. The young man Robin saved sees the incident and runs back to the stocks to free Robin and his friends. They grab their equipment and flee the camp as quickly as possible.Sir Robert Loxley (Douglas Hodge) is leading the knights of King Richard through the forest when Sir Godfrey's men attack and kill most of the knights. Loxley is skewered by a spear and left to die slowly. Godfrey asks about King Richard and is surprised to hear that the king was killed in battle. Loxley tells them that the king's crown is in a bag on the king's horse. Godfrey's men attempt to ", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the brown bear in the movie?", "id": "755947172fd741f4b01b164c7484e9d6", "answers": []}, {"question": "How old is Skippy?", "id": "412ac4b30f2b4692869f878091dcdde2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the king of France?", "id": "94697155825a463fb56ec1124a307cac", "answers": []}, {"question": "WHO DECLARES ROBIN AN OUTLAW?", "id": "a69e2b382b4b4fb38f11b117cd675564", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film opens as Los Angeles Police Department Of", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film opens as Los Angeles Police Department Officer Dave Brown (Harrelson) patrols the Rampart Division. Brown is a 24-year veteran of the force, who previously served in the Vietnam War. While training a new officer, he roughs up a suspect to find the location of a meth lab. After work, he goes home to his two daughters and two ex-wives, who are also sisters (Heche and Nixon). After dinner, he goes to a piano bar where he picks up a stranger and has a one night stand.\nThe next day, he is t-boned in his patrol car. When he checks on the driver who hit him, the driver flees from his car, hitting Brown with his door as he exits. When Brown catches the driver, he brutally beats him, and the assault is captured by a bystander. The video creates another controversy for the LAPD, which is already besieged by the Rampart scandal. The Assistant District Attorney (Weaver) urges Brown to simply retire. He refuses and outlines his defense. Over the course of the film, it is revealed that Brown studied law and failed the bar exam, but he remains extremely knowledgeable about case law.\nBack at the piano bar, Brown picks up a lawyer named Linda (Wright), after first determining that she is not surveilling him. Later he meets with ex-cop Hartshorn (Beatty), who suggests that Brown was set up to distract from the Rampart scandal. As the LAPD exerts more pressure on Brown, he retains legal counsel. Soon after, his ex-wives ask him to leave their houses so that they can sell them. Brown meets again with Hartshorn and mentions his need for cash. Hartshorn tips him off to a high stakes card game happening later that night at the Crystal Market.\nWhile Brown surveils the card game, it is knocked off by two armed men. Brown pursues the men. He kills one of them and lets the other go. He then stages the scene to make it look like he was shot at. He realizes that a homeless man nicknamed \"General\" (Foster) witnessed the whole thing from his wheelchair. As another investigation into Brown heats up, he goes to a hotel and blackmails the concierge into giving him a room by threatening to arrest the concierge for running a prostitution ring in the hotel. Next, he blackmails a pharmacist into giving him an assortment of drugs.\nWhen he meets with Hartshorn to give him a cut of the money from the card game, Brown asks for the source of Hartshorn's tip about the game. He suspects that he was set up again. Hartshorn refuses to name his source. Brown then meets with General in a parking lot to make sure that he will not testify about witnessing the shooting. The next day, an investigator with the District Attorney, Kyle Timkins (Cube) surveils Brown, who confronts him. Brown insists that he is not a racist, merely a misanthrope.\nBrown grows increasingly paranoid and reliant on drugs as the pressure on him mounts. When he meets with Hartshorn again, he pulls a gun and accuses Hartshorn of setting him up. The elderly man scuffles with Brown a little bit and then has a heart attack. Instead of calling an ambulance, Brown leaves him to die. Back at the hotel, Brown's two daughters drop off some dry cleaning at his room, and he confesses to his younger daughter that everything she has heard about him is true.\nBrown summons Timkins to a meeting and tapes a confession in front of him. He admits that he has been a dirty cop, and that in 1987, he killed a business acquaintance. He justified the murder because he knew the man was a serial rapist, which is why he got away with the extrajudicial killing. Timkins refuses the confession, insisting that he will arrest Brown for his most recent murder. The film ends with Brown revisiting his family and staring at his elder daughter on the front porch before disappearing into the night.\n", "qas": [{"question": "With how many Dave Brown has fathered children's?", "id": "a765b7866a7c45b99e4494d35db04468", "answers": []}, {"question": "What are the names of the two sisters?", "id": "985c6c44b7cc43bb80387031c5afe2bc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who get caught up in a corruption scandal?", "id": "baeb86752cfa4cb3bd58c1cf197adb1b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What department does Dave Brown serve?", "id": "cf282050e7384253a39f90d6f2b0dc72", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Occupational therapist Dian Fossey (Sigourney Weav", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Occupational therapist Dian Fossey (Sigourney Weaver) is inspired by the anthropologist Louis Leakey (Iain Cuthbertson) to devote her life to the study of primates. To this end, she writes ceaselessly to him for a job cataloguing and studying the rare mountain gorillas of Africa. With some effort, she manages to convince Leakey of her conviction and devotion to the cause at hand after personally approaching him following a lecture in Louisville, Kentucky, on his part in 1966. Thereafter, Fossey embarks into the Congo, where Leakey and his foundation equip her with the necessary equipment and housing to achieve personal contact with the gorillas, and introduce her to a local animal tracker, Sembagare (John Omirah Miluwi), to assist her in her endeavors. Settling deep in the jungle, Fossey and Sembagare manage to locate a troop of gorillas, but they are ultimately displaced by the events of the Congo Crisis after being forcibly evicted from their research site by Congolese soldiers, who accuse Fossey of being a foreign spy and agitator.\nInitially, Fossey sees no other option but to leave the continent and return to the United States. However, after Sembagare and her temporary host Rosamond Carr (Julie Harris) motivate her to stay, she decides to base her research efforts in the jungles of neighboring Rwanda, which Dian presumes will be safe from outside incursions. However, what Fossey fails to foresee are the rampant problems of poaching and corruption taking place therein, which become apparent when she discovers several traps in the vicinity of her new base at Karisoke. Nevertheless, Fossey and her colleagues make several key headways with the gorillas, taking account of the gorilla's communication and social groups. In so doing, her work impresses Leakey and gains broader international attention.\nNational Geographic, which funds her efforts, takes an increasingly marked interest in her work and dispatches photographer Bob Campbell (Bryan Brown) to highlight her research. Fossey, initially unreceptive towards the outsider Campbell, grows increasingly attached to him after several photo sessions with the gorillas, and the two eventually become lovers, in spite of Campbell's marriage. Campbell proposes to divorce his wife and marry her but insists that she would have to spend time away from Karisoke and her gorillas, leading her to call off the tryst and ending their relationship. During this time, Fossey also becomes close to a gorilla named Digit, forming an emotional bond with him, and attempts to prevent the export of other gorillas by the trader Van Vecten (Constantin Alexandrov).\nIncreasingly appalled by the poaching of the gorillas for their skins, hands and heads, Fossey complains to the Rwandan government, which dismisses her by claiming that poaching is the only means by which some of the Rwandan natives can themselves survive. However, a government minister (Waigwa Wachira) promises to equip her with a three-man anti-poaching squad and pay for their salaries. Ultimately, Fossey's frustration reaches a climax when Digit is killed and beheaded by poachers, leading her to ever-more extreme actions to save the gorillas from illegal poaching and likely extinction. To this end, she forms and leads numerous anti-poaching patrols, burning down the poachers' villages and even staging a mock execution of one of the offenders, serving to alienate some of her research assistants and gaining her various enemies. Sembagare expresses concern at her open opposition to the emergent industry of gorilla tourism, but Fossey nonchalantly dismisses his worries by stating that she already has an extended travel visa and increasing financial support for her research. However, on December 27, 1985, Dian Fossey is brutally murdered in the bedroom of her cabin by an unseen assailant. Thereafter, at a funeral attended by Sembagare, Carr and others, she is buried in the same cemetery where Digit and other gorillas had been laid to rest. Afterwards, Sembagare symbolically links the graves of Fossey and Digit together with stones as a sign that their souls rest in peace together.\nA pre-credits sequence indicates her actions to help save the gorillas paid off greatly and the species was saved from extinction as a result. According to the ending, Dian Fossey's death remains a mystery.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who inspired Dian Fossey to devote her life to the study of primates?", "id": "ffa2b8d069604d3ba21c23721f513dbf", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Louis Leakey profession?", "id": "9c6b6cee83724b5e90e630a8961a6389", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Dian Fossey come from?", "id": "c6676c8d6a874830b7237df87379969b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "After the 2004 Asian tsunami disaster, four indepe", "paragraphs": [{"context": "After the 2004 Asian tsunami disaster, four independent volunteers, with little money and no experience, race off to volunteer in tsunami ravaged Sri Lanka. They meet up by fate at the Colombo airport and form a volunteer team. They rent a van, fill it with supplies and start driving down the coast to see where they can help. They stumble into a tribal village called Peraliya, which has been destroyed by a forty foot wave. During the time the wave hit Peraliya, a train called \"The Queen of the Sea\" was passing by and was washed away killing over 2500 passengers and villagers. The Four volunteers set up a first aid station and found themselves in charge of running a refugee camp with over 3000 people. Their initial two week journey turns into a year long odyssey of heartbreak and hope as the villagers turn against them when donated tsunami relief money does not materialize. The volunteers concentrate on the bigger picture and break every rule in the 'Disaster Aid Books'.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What airport did the voluntters meet at?", "id": "f786e6af0f6f423fb38a8dc056f10db5", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many people are in the refugee camp?", "id": "c5b103978dd644b3a0d07b59f5eb6979", "answers": []}, {"question": "What type of station is set up?", "id": "97a3a816b19c4e6284932e2f2aec2cee", "answers": []}, {"question": "Does the tsunami money turn up?", "id": "adfa2c896a2f46888df10a4352613343", "answers": []}, {"question": "How long does the two week journey actually take?", "id": "1d1ea5cb56e340ce968a52a401e7c594", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kind of natural disater was ravaging Sri Lanka?", "id": "832ede43d421494694e699e9a638448d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nEngland, 1694. Mrs Herbert (Janet Suzman) and he", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nEngland, 1694. Mrs Herbert (Janet Suzman) and her daughter Mrs Talmann (Anne-Louise Lambert) try to persuade Mr Neville (Anthony Higgins), an artist, to make a series of drawings of Mr and Mrs Herbert's house and estate. Mr Neville finally agrees when Mrs Herbert offers, in addition to paying for each drawing and giving him room and board while he draws, to sleep with him. (Oddly, she makes this offer in the presence of her husband's agent, Mr Noyes (Neil Cunningham), who is drawing up the contract.) Mrs Herbert intends the drawings to be a gift to her obnoxious and estranged husband, who dotes on his property and who is conveniently planning to be away from home while the drawings are created.Mr Neville inconveniences the entire household with detailed and stringent requirements for his 12 drawings. For specified periods every day, the views he has chosen must be kept clear of carriages, animals, smoking chimneys, and people -- except for the one that requires Mr Talmann (Hugh Fraser) to stand still and wear the same clothes for several days running.The atmosphere of the film is chilly; there's little indication that any of the characters like one another, and many of them are fairly hostile. Starting over the issue of Mr Talmann's wardrobe, Mr Talmann and Mr Neville snipe at one another continuously. Mr and Mrs Talmann have a bitter confrontation. It's hard to tell what the exaggerated costumes are meant to contribute: comically tall headpieces for the women, and for the men, very long, curly wigs -- waist-length, in some cases -- which, along with full-skirted coats, make them look like Edwardian schoolgirls.Mrs Herbert is distressed by the sexual part of her agreement and tries to break the contract; Mr Neville refuses. Mrs Talmann makes her own bargain for sexual favors with Mr Neville (which doesn't affect her mother's). Later, we learn that Mr Talmann is impotent -- and also that Mr Herbert doesn't believe that women should own property, so the inheritance of the estate depends on Mrs Talmann producing a son.Mr Herbert's injured horse turns up, and shortly thereafter his body is found in the moat. Mr Noyes, the agent, who as a young man wanted to marry Mrs Herbert, comes to her demanding assistance because he believes he will be suspected of murdering Mr Herbert. Mrs Herbert shows no interest in helping him, so Mr Noyes blackmails her: if she doesn't give him the drawings (why does he want the drawings?), he'll make the draughtsman's contract public, exposing her as an adulteress.Mrs Talmann observes that many of the drawings include objects that have no business being where they are: a ladder leading to Mrs Talmann's bedroom window; a pair of boots belonging to her husband; and several items of clothing belonging to Mr Herbert. Mrs Talmann implies that Mr Neville is planting clues related to the demise of Mr Herbert. But Mr Neville is clearly drawing what he sees, and we have no evidence that he's responsible for the presence of any of the misplaced objects.An odd feature of the landscape is a moving statue (Michael Feast), which turns up twined with vines against a wall, on the roof while Mrs Herbert and her guests are eating an outdoor meal in the foreground, and on a pedestal from which it first removes an obelisk.Having completed his contract and gone away, Mr Neville comes back for a visit. Mrs Herbert offers him one more tryst in exchange for one more drawing, and he agrees. He completes a view of an equestrian statue in the garden, though he draws the horse without its rider. It's not apparent whether this is because he can't see the rider -- the moving statue may not be visible to everyone -- or because Mr Neville is alluding to the death of Mr Herbert.Although his drawing is done, Mr Neville continues to sit by the statue. As it grows dark, he's surrounded by a group of masked gentlemen, most of whom are recognizable as members of the Herbert household or their ", "qas": [{"question": "Who refuses to void the contract?", "id": "17d1de2ccfa64c15bdbe2568011faa98", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who contracted Mr. Neville?", "id": "62c086b07a7d430c8e2ff7a238545dc9", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many landscape drawings is Mr. Neville contracted to produce?", "id": "551d076a36014f1094b1c99c94306865", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who's body is discovered in the moat of the house?", "id": "65ce18b85a1b467a9c8c7614fd6cdf91", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who tries to terminate the contract?", "id": "a280db6b5a40445a92a70d8c4da0a2fe", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nBritish soldier Jody (Forest Whitaker) is lured ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nBritish soldier Jody (Forest Whitaker) is lured by Jude while off duty in Ireland an taken captive by Fergus (Stephan Rea), Jude (Miranda Richardson), Maguire (Adrian Dunbar) and others in the IRA. He is held to be exchanged for a IRA prisoner the British are holding.\nDuring the three days Jody is held, he and Fergus become friendly as they talk about their lives and Ferguson shows care by removing the canvass sack on his head. Jody tells Fergus about his girlfriend back in London named Dil. Jody says she is his type of woman. Jody tells Fergus he won't shoot him when it's time because it's not in Fergus' nature. He tells him a parable about the scorpion and the frog. The scorpion asks the frog to take him across the river because the scorpion can't swim. The frog says no because you'll sting me. The scorpion says trust me. Half way across, the frog feels a sharp sting and says to the scorpion as they sink, why did you sting me? Now we'll both drown. I couldn't help it, said the scorpion, it's in my nature. Jody has Ferguson take his wallet with Dil's picture and asks him to go to her place of work or local bar and tell her he was thinking of her at the end.\nFinally, when it becomes time to shoot Jody, Fergus takes him out into the woods, takes off the hood, but can't shoot him. Jody breaks his bonds and runs away from Fergus. Jody runs onto a road and is hit by one and run over by a second British armored carrier. The carrier and assault troops are attacking the house where Jody was being held. Two IRA members are killed in the attack except Fergus, Jude and Macguire.\nFergus decides to disappear and go to London and find Dil. He arranges to get to London and begins working as a day laborer. He goes to the place where Dil works as a hair dresser, has his hair cut and then follows her to \"The Metro,\" a corner bar.\nCol (Jim Broadbent) is the bartender and he begins the discussion between Dil and Fergus, who is now using the name Jimmie. But soon the two of them are talking to one another. Another man comes up to Dil and drags her out and down the street. Fergus follows them as they go to Dil's apartment and he sits outside and watches them embrace in the window shadows in her flat.\nFergus goes to the bar a second time and again talks with Dil after she does a number on the stage and her boyfriend come up. The boyfriend grabs Dil and they go outside and down an alley. Fergus follows them and he defends Dil and knocks the other man down and asks Dil what she would like him to do with the boyfriend. They leave him and go back to Dil's flat. Later the boyfriend shows up outside Dil's flat and she throws all his clothes and possessions out the window.\nJimmie asks Dil about the man in a number of pictures in her flat. The man is Jody and Dil says he is a soldier and he is different from the others. Jimmie and Dil begin making out and Jimmie begins to run his hand up Dil's skirt, but she stops him and then performs oral sex on him. She says he can't stay over and they arrange a date for the next day.\nThey go for dinner and end up back at Dil's flat and lie down on the bed. Dil goes into the bathroom and changes into a robe. She returns and Jimmie opens the robe discovers that Dil is a male with a penis.\nJimmie is repulsed and hits Dil's as he gets up and heads into the bathroom and vomits in the sink. Dil realizes then that Jimmie was unaware she was a male. Jimmie leaves the flat while Dil pleads with him to stay.\nAfter thinking about Dil That night, Jimmie realizes he still cares and writes a letter of apology to Dil and puts it in her mail box. Dil shows up at ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Jude want Fergus to assassinate?", "id": "d560ea28209b42ee8a4dcc5143136ec0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Fergus find Dil?", "id": "878f754fe7c74b319d3a60c54d85e386", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is assigned to guard Jody?", "id": "32ae72c9acbb428a9aa57e4dfb657c25", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who do the IRA members kidnap?", "id": "e9c77249049c4b6bb2cb51a408a2d490", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did a man once say?", "id": "1c47a62c601e4fa1acfca13157ccef3a", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Fergus's alias?", "id": "bc7bc7c07fe14bec84c9b6b299ce29b9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This article's plot summary may be too long or exc", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This article's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (April 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)\n\n\nPart 1\u00c2 \u00e2\u0080\u0093 Alice in Wonderland[edit]\nThe first part opens with Alice helping Mother set the table for tea time. Although thankful for her daughter's help, Mother tells Alice that she is still not grown-up enough to join the adults at tea. Alice goes outside to see her sister (played by Natalie's real-life older sister Sharee Gregory), but gets bored of reading a book with no pictures. Her sister tells her that she will understand when she grows up, but Alice thinks she is already grown up (after all, she's seven and a half). While playing with her kitten, Dinah, the White Rabbit comes running by, saying he's late. Wondering where he is going, Alice follows him and tumbles into his rabbit hole. (Unlike the book and most movie versions, this rabbit hole appears to be dark and spooky.)\nAlice finds herself in a hall with many doors, and all of them locked. On a table is a key which she can use to open one small door. Yet the door is far too small to even fit her head in. A small bottle appears labeled \"Drink Me\". She comes back to the table and puts it to her lips. Doing this, she shrinks to the right size for the door, but can no longer reach the key to open it. She then sees a small box which she opens and finds a little cake with the words \"Eat Me\" on it. She then grows to over nine feet tall. Frustrated with the thought of being stuck at nine feet tall, she begins to cry. Her tears fall on the floor and flow under the cracks. The White Rabbit appears, but frightened of the giant Alice runs away dropping his fan and gloves. Using the fan makes Alice shrink again to a size small enough to crawl into one of the cracks, which takes her diving in her pool of tears.\nWhile swimming in the pool of her own tears, she meets The Lory Bird, The Dodo Bird and the Mouse, who tells her why he hates dogs and cats (\"I Hate Dogs and Cats\"). Alice catches up with the White Rabbit. He mistakes Alice for his housemaid Mary Ann and orders her to go get his fan and gloves from his house. While searching his house, Alice curiously finds another \"Drink Me\" bottle and it makes her sprout to her full nine-foot character once again. Angry at Alice, the rabbit and his friend Pat the Pig try to employ Bill the Lizard to remove Alice by pulling her out the chimney. Having tried unsuccessfully the White Rabbit and Pat begin throwing berries at her which turn into little cakes. She eats one and shrinks to back to size. After running away she meets the Caterpillar who tells her the story (\"You are Old, Father William\"). She then goes to the house of The Duchess and her pepper loving, plate throwing cook. Finding the house too violent and hateful, she takes the Duchess' baby away, but then it turns into a pig. She meets the Cheshire Cat, who tells her that she can't get out of this land (\"There's No Way Home\"). He then gives her directions to see either the March Hare or the Mad Hatter, but warns Alice that they, along with everyone else, are mad. Alice finds the Mad Hatter, March Hare, and the Dormouse having an outdoor tea party, and sits down to join them. As tea time entertainment the Mad Hatter, who does not like her version of twinkle, twinkle little star, sings Alice a song of his own (\"Laugh\"). Upset by the rudeness of the Mad Tea Party, Alice runs off back on her quest for the White Rabbit, and meets a baby fawn in the forest, the only normal thing she's seen so ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does the White Rabbit mistake Alice for?", "id": "f14f4685992347c1aec19017f116b96b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the eerily grinning feline that can disappear and reappear at will?", "id": "70df77eb22f549a29415e4326074472d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays a prank on the queen?", "id": "130114e3df024f5e9910c3371c9e3f92", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Alice fall asleep?", "id": "769575d792404774b4a8196b131d6f67", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn The Future, a beautiful astronomatrix named B", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn The Future, a beautiful astronomatrix named Barbarella (Jane Fonda) floats through the galaxy in her spaceship, the Alpha-7. Suddenly she receives an urgent call on her monitor from none other than the President of Earth (Claude Dauphin). He informs her that a young scientist named Durand-Durand went missing sometime during a mission to the North Star and is believed to have landed somewhere in the Tau Ceti star system. Not much is known about this region of space-- the President worries that Durand's invention, the positronic ray, may fall into the hands of a primitive culture; beings who might seek to use this technology as a weapon and launch an intergalactic war. Since the Earth, free of all conflict for centuries, lacks military and police personnel, the President tasks Barbarella with a mission to find the scientist. He teleports her some weapons and a device that will signal the presence of Durand-Durand. The latter has a \"tonguebox\" incorporated in its design which can translate any language.Barbarella spends most of the journey to Tau Ceti in suspended animation. She awakens just in time to lose control of her spacecraft and crash land on Planet 16, which her spaceship informs her contains an atmosphere similar to Earth's. She changes into a new outfit to explore the arctic terrain. The first humanoids she meets are a pair of twin girls-- they jabber to her excitedly in a language she can't understand. Before she can adjust her tonguebox, one of them knocks Barbarella unconscious with a piece of ice. The girls then pull the dazed explorer along in their sled, which is attached to a manta ray-like creature that glides across the ice.The girls arrive with Barbarella at the wreck of another craft where several other sets of twin children are sheltered and indigo-blue bunny rabbits abound. Barbarella recognizes the wreck as the Alpha-1, former spaceship of Durand-Durand. The children tie Barbarella to a post and bring out several mechanical dolls that walk towards her. It soon becomes apparent that the dolls all have sharp metal teeth and hinged jaws. They bite Barbarella while the children giggle gleefully, amused by their game.Suddenly a man appears with several armored guards. He cracks a whip and captures the children in a net, then unties Barbarella. Once she gets her tonguebox working, she's able to understand him when he explains that he is a Catchman named Mark Hand (Ugo Tognazzi) and that all children are sent away to the forests of Weir \"until they've reached a serviceable age,\" at which point he captures them and brings them back to civilization. He offers Barbarella a ride back to her spaceship. When she asks how she can repay him, he tells her that he'd like to make love to her. Back on Earth, when people want to bond, erotically, they each take an exultation transference pill and press their palms against one another's. Barbarella is prepared to do this with the Catchman, but he's not interested in all that, he tells Barbarella that he wants to have sex on the bed in his snowship. She reluctantly agrees to do it the old-fashioned way, but soon discovers that she finds the experience quite enjoyable. The Catchman gives her a fur and repairs her spaceship, only when she tries to fly off, the ship's computer informs her that it's been repaired in reverse. She crashes back into the planet and quickly activates the ship's terra-screws so that she can tunnel through the planet's core.She surfaces in the Labyrinth, amongst strange creatures including an \"ornithanthrope,\" or angel, named Pygar (John Phillip Law), who was blinded in the city of Sogo. Pygar takes Barbarella to visit Professor Ping (Marcel Marceau) who explains that Pygar is aerodynamically sound, but lacks the morale to fly. Pygar, Professor Ping and all of the other unfortunates who roam the Labyrinth were imprisoned there by order of the Great Tyrant. They are not evil enough to be allowed to live in Sogo, the City of Night. Pygar takes Barbarella to his nest where they have sex. This restores Pygar's will to fly and Barbarella ", "qas": [{"question": "What does Durand Durand use to decimate the rebels?", "id": "129527f819e944cb8d6ad5f0c091c52f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who offered to repair the ship?", "id": "8a96757b065c4ac895bcfeb9f92e2745", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Barbarella have sex with?", "id": "e988d0164dff4f2b9ae8a59c001fe579", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who flies Barbarella and the tyrant away from the Mathmos?", "id": "d098a282d1ec46bcb07872f0547afcc9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who gets trapped in the chamber?", "id": "ff63b71b0f62475094ac683cda114ccb", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Dildano give Barbarella?", "id": "0d3f1c8520504791b36c5e48db0ef485", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the Concierge?", "id": "c818cfee4ab8417e93f22efc395364b8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Barbarella is rescued by who?", "id": "bf16ff6dd02a488387b6ea39a6fc29b7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who saves Barbarella inside the wreckage of a space ship ?", "id": "192da050d18743319e3457d2b111cb12", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nSet in the Australian outback in the 1880s, the ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nSet in the Australian outback in the 1880s, the movie follows the series of events following the horrific rape and murder of the Hopkins family, allegedly committed by the infamous Burns brothers gang.The film opens in a brothel during a violent gunfight between the police and Charlie Burns' (Guy Pearce) gang, which ends with the deaths of all of the gang members except for Charlie and his younger brother Mikey. Captain Stanley (Ray Winstone) proposes to Charlie: he and Mikey can go free of the crimes they have committed if Charlie kills his older brother, Arthur (Danny Huston). Arthur is a mercurial psychopath who has become something of a legend and is so vicious that the Aboriginal tribes refer to him as \"The Dog Man\" and both the police and the Aboriginals refuse to go near his camp. Captain Stanley muses that perhaps the bounty hunters will kill Arthur in time and then states his intention to civilize the harsh Australian wilderness by bringing Arthur to justice and using Mikey as leverage. Charlie has nine days to find and kill Arthur, or else Mikey will be hanged from the gallows on Christmas Day.We discover why Captain Stanley is intent on taming Australia: he has been forced to move there with his delicate wife, Martha Stanley (Emily Watson), and apparently wants to make it an appropriate place for them to live. The Stanleys were also friends of the Hopkins family, leading Martha to have nightmares about her dead friends and the unborn child one of them is revealed to have carried. Word spreads of Stanley's deal with Charlie, primarily from Stanley's corrupt subordinate, Sergeant Lawrence (Robert Morgan), causing disgust among the townspeople.Shortly thereafter, Eden Fletcher (David Wenham), for whom Captain Stanley works, orders that Mikey be given one hundred lashes as punishment for the rape and murder of the Hopkins family. Stanley is aghast at this, not only because he believes that Mikey is innocent and the flogging will surely kill him, but because it would also break his deal with Charlie and thus put him and his wife in grave danger. Stanley sends Sergeant Lawrence away with tracker Jacko (David Gulpillil) and other men to \"investigate\" the reported slaying of Dan O'Riley by a group of Aborigines. Captain Stanley attempts to defend Mikey by gunpoint from the bloodthirsty townspeople, but is overruled once Martha arrives, insisting on revenge for her dead friends. Mikey is then brutally flogged, and horrifically wounded. The formerly excited townspeople slowly become disgusted and Martha faints at the ghastly display. After 40 lashes, Mikey has collapsed and the whip is soaked with blood. Captain Stanley grabs the whip and throws it at Fletcher, staining his face and suit with blood, who in turn fires Stanley.Meanwhile, Charlie rides a great distance in search of Arthur, drinking and apparently reflecting on what he will do. Along the way, he encounters an inebriated old man named Jellon Lamb (John Hurt). In the course of conversation, Charlie realizes that Lamb is a bounty hunter in pursuit of the Burns brothers and knocks him out. Later on, after sleeping on a rock bed, Charlie awakes and, before he can gather what's going on, is speared in the chest by a group of Aboriginal men standing over him. Seconds later a gunshot is heard and the head of the man who threw the spear explodes. Charlie then passes out.Charlie wakes up in the camp of his brother Arthur, which is located in caves among desolate mountains. Arthur's gang consists of Samuel Stoat (Tom Budge), who shot the Aboriginal man who had speared Charlie; a woman named Queenie (Leah Purcell) who tends to Charlie's wound; and a muscular Aboriginal man called Two-Bob (Tom E. Lewis). As he recovers from his wounds, Charlie has several opportunities to kill his brother, but does not. Not too far away from Arthur's camp, Sergeant Lawrence and his men have found and butchered a group of Aborigines. Arthur and Two-Bob find Lawrence's group while they sleep, ostensibly to get a horse for Charlie, and proceed to kill Jacko and Sergeant Lawrence. Before Arthur stomps Lawrence ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Captain Stanley's wife?", "id": "0da2e0eba1934f8d90909071c2d8ea08", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is attempting to defend Mikey at gunpoint?", "id": "b3f054f26fd2442db9247689f4b2c97d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who were the Stanleys friends with?", "id": "d52d06bbc11c4d8cb157073b383ec638", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Samuel Stoat?", "id": "dea694caa7f24f51978e5207882d1387", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is reported to have slain Dan O'Riley?", "id": "4ead67970e584d6dbe4a31c34cc87081", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Captain Stanley throw at Fletcher leaving bloodstains?", "id": "8b2028823fcd4ae5abf872d28bb1a5bf", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Queenie?", "id": "160df8d06c3d4793ba7a34ae517978ad", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did this movie take place?", "id": "364005d10b1a4935a80291eed80a943b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who dies in their sleep along with Sergeant Larence?", "id": "623c1cf5fcfc475996bc139e12083e4d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Charley decide he wants to break out ?", "id": "b09aef9011ea4ecf9919d80ce0a76322", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Arthur referred to as by the Aborigines?", "id": "e37a6168121c42199659f3ec93b1f7e0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who pulls Captain Stanley in a room and beats him?", "id": "14a231c3dd6940c397e87e1be9400683", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who rides in search of Arthur?", "id": "41c8e519087e4151831c4ea6855962d9", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many days does Charlie have to kill Arthur?", "id": "3b92135b433848cfb6ee20d13be4d020", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who shoots Samuel", "id": "1bb004351b67463c9eb25cb2e0ecc0f2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Stanley send away with Jacko?", "id": "25c6b46c080444b88f5eb2cbfd81238f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was shot in the head", "id": "a857229265dd4144b7bece77417ebd40", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Charlie inform that he wants to break out Mikey ?", "id": "5b133ce32e274726bcefc47f3bcbcaf6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is a bounty hunter?", "id": "e09e7ec3624d49a2a7d683068333e9db", "answers": []}, {"question": "What punishment is given to Mikey?", "id": "6db3b25f4cd847c591d900bdf5f58118", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "An eastern cult (a parody of the Thuggee cult) is ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "An eastern cult (a parody of the Thuggee cult) is about to sacrifice a woman to the goddess Kaili. Just as she is about to be killed, the high priestess of the cult, Ahme, notices that she is not wearing the sacrificial ring. Ringo Starr, drummer of the Beatles, has and is wearing it; it was secretly sent to him by the victim in a fan letter. Determined to retrieve the ring and sacrifice the woman, the great Swami Clang, Ahme, and several cult members including Bhuta, leave for London. After several failed attempts to steal the ring, they confront the Beatles in an Indian restaurant. Ringo learns that if he does not return the ring soon, he will become the next sacrifice. Ringo then discovers that the ring is stuck on his finger.\nThe Beatles go to a jeweller to remove the ring, but the tools he uses all break. They then go to a mad scientist, Foot, and his assistant Algernon. In a lab full of British-made equipment, they attempt to expand the ring's molecules so it can slide off Ringo's finger. But the machines only manage to remove all his other rings. Astonished that his equipment has no effect on the ring, Foot decides that he, too, must have it. While they bumble with trying to get a laser together, Ahme crashes the lab and holds the scientists at gunpoint while she lets the Beatles escape.\nBack home, Ahme tells the group that her sister's time has passed and she is now out of danger and Ringo is now the sacrificial victim. She prepares a special solution intended to shrink Ringo's finger so she can get the ring off. But then Clang and his henchmen crash the house, causing Ahme to drop the syringe on Paul's leg. While a shrunken Paul hides in an ashtray, the cult attack the other Beatles and pour red paint on Ringo (as part of the sacrifice). Foot and Algernon come in, shoots a warning shot with his Webley and scares the cult away, Ahme in tow. Paul unshrinks and John subsequently starts to swing a lamp at Foot who tries to shoot him, but his gun misfires. Blaming this on the fact that the gun is British made, Foot retreats. The boys are left to sort things out.\nThe band flees to the Austrian Alps for refuge but both thugs and Foot follow in pursuit. The Beatles practice skiing, then participate in a game of curling. Foot and Algernon booby-trap one of the curling stones with a bomb; George sees the \"fiendish thingy\" and tells everyone to run. The bomb eventually goes off after a delay, creating a big hole in the ice from which a Channel swimmer (Mal Evans) emerges and asks directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. The boys ski down a slope fleeing from Clang, directed by Ahme, who then misdirects Clang to the take-off ramp for a Ski jumping contest. Clang is the winner, and is forced to the winners' platform to receive a gold medal.\nThe group escapes back to England and they ask for \"protection\" from Scotland Yard; and get it in the form of a cowardly Inspector (Cargill). After being attacked while recording in the middle of Salisbury Plain surrounded by the British Army, they hide in \"A Well Known Palace\" (Buckingham Palace) until they are almost captured by Foot.\nWhile on a walk with the police, the group step into a small pub, where Clang is disguised as a barman. After being served beer, Ringo cannot pick his glass up from the table, so George tips it over, unknowingly opening a trapdoor to the cellar that Clang set up. Inside the cellar is a door with a broken knob, a broken ladder and a tiger. They go summon the Inspector who tells them to sing the \"Ode to Joy\" from Beethoven's 9th Symphony to the tiger in order to tame it; everyone inside and outside the pub joins in.\nThe Beatles put out in the press that they're going to the Bahamas to throw the cult off their ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the god of the religious cult?", "id": "48b1eed65f414606a932aa371e4680cb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the delusional scientist the Fab Four seeks help from?", "id": "1f98d1d5ded44f64b5f145073bdb22c6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who unwittingly becaomes the target sacrifice of an eastern cult?", "id": "1b33113bf4a54c3da8e4679776c68302", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the pompous leader of the religious cult?", "id": "17fc6b664fc548a79b0c44fd639d6f15", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which one of the Fab Four is Ahme attracted to in particular?", "id": "d6fd2b7852604fedae7fb48b0e8439d3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does the Fab Four flee to right after England?", "id": "f79c1091b5b24888bf52fba4d88a6d8d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Brian Cohen is born in a stable next door to the o", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Brian Cohen is born in a stable next door to the one in which Jesus is born, which initially confuses the three wise men who come to praise the future King of the Jews. Brian grows up an idealistic young man who resents the continuing Roman occupation of Judea. While attending Jesus' Sermon on the Mount, Brian becomes infatuated with an attractive young rebel, Judith. His desire for her and hatred for the Romans lead him to join the \"People's Front of Judea\", one of many fractious and bickering independence movements, who spend more time fighting each other than the Romans.\nAfter several misadventures, and escaping from Pontius Pilate, Brian winds up in a line-up of would-be mystics and prophets who harangue the passing crowd in a plaza. Forced to come up with something plausible in order to blend in and keep the guards off his back, Brian repeats some of what he had heard Jesus say, and quickly attracts a small but intrigued audience. Once the guards have left, Brian tries to put the episode behind him, but he has unintentionally inspired a movement. He grows frantic when he finds that some people have started to follow him around, with even the slightest unusual occurrence being hailed as a miracle. Each of their responses ever growing in fervor and intensity \u00e2\u0080\u0094 making it harder and harder for him to get away from them. Yet because of the mob's excitement, they end up leaving Brian alone. After which he sees Judith is one who didn't leave, and they then spend the night together. In the morning, Brian, completely naked, opens the curtains to discover an enormous crowd outside his mother's house who proclaim him to be the Messiah. Brian's mother protests, \"He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy.\"; and, \"There's no Messiah in here. There's a mess all right, but no Messiah.\" Yet all of her attempts at dispersing the crowd are rebuffed. Furthermore, once Brian addresses them, he also finds that he is unable to change their minds. His followers are completely committed to their beliefs in and of Brian's divinity. They immediately seize upon everything he says and does as points of doctrine.\nThe hapless Brian finds no solace as people have even mobbed his mother's house. They fling their afflicted bodies at him demanding miracle cures and divine secrets. After sneaking out the back, Brian is then finally captured and scheduled to be crucified. Meanwhile, a huge crowd has assembled outside the palace. Pilate (together with the visiting Biggus Dickus) tries to quell the feeling of revolution by granting them the choice of one person to be pardoned. The crowd, however, shouts out names containing the letter \"r\", mocking Pilate's rhotacistic speech impediment. Eventually, Judith appears in the crowd and calls for the release of Brian, which the crowd echoes since the name also contains an \"r\". Pilate agrees to \"welease Bwian\".\nHis order is eventually relayed to the guards, but in a scene that parodies the climax of the film Spartacus, various crucified people all claim to be \"Brian of Nazareth\" and the wrong man is released. Various other opportunities for a reprieve for Brian are denied as, one by one, his \"allies\" (including Judith and his mother) step forward to explain why they are leaving the \"noble freedom fighter\" hanging in the hot sun. Hope is renewed when a crack suicide squad from the \"Judean People's Front\" (not to be confused with the People's Front of Judea) come charging towards the Romans, but rather than fighting to release Brian or the other prisoners, they commit mass suicide as a political protest. Condemned to a long and painful death, Brian finds his spirits lifted by his fellow sufferers, who break into song with \"Always Look on the Bright Side of Life.\"[6]\n", "qas": [{"question": "Where is Brian Cohen born ?", "id": "fb4a246ac65849e79ba78a6054936c1d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Brian's birth initially confuse?", "id": "5cc6c0efca314006a40b82b86aa49b77", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Brian's last name?", "id": "b5a2b8b8a3214164960e104419d76985", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which organization does Brian join ?", "id": "5b55e18a02e147c991081a4dc358d277", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who orders Brian's release ?", "id": "0d0350cd6f4a4817bc4f5bcffff3afef", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was born in a stable near where Jesus was born?", "id": "f2847a93122b4585906da38735acc244", "answers": []}, {"question": "Does Brian get crucified?", "id": "67003f9c31e44a3a9d94ef61a390ffb3", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In 2006, eighteen-year-old Jamal Malik (Dev Patel)", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In 2006, eighteen-year-old Jamal Malik (Dev Patel) from the Juhu slum, is a contestant on the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (see Kaun Banega Crorepati), and is one question away from the grand prize. However, before the \u00e2\u0082\u00b920 million (US$300,000) question, he is detained and tortured by the police, who suspect him of cheating because of the impossibility of a simple \"slumdog\" with very little education knowing all the answers. Jamal recounts, through flashbacks, the incidents in his life which provided him with each answer.\nJamal's flashbacks begin with his managing, at age five, to obtain the autograph of Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan, which his brother Salim then sells, followed immediately by the death of his mother during the Bombay Riots. As they flee the riot, they meet Latika, a girl from their slum. Salim is reluctant to take her in, but Jamal suggests that she could be the third musketeer, a character from the Alexandre Dumas novel (which they had been studying \u00e2\u0080\u0094 albeit not very diligently \u00e2\u0080\u0094 in school), whose name they do not know. The three are found by Maman\u00e2\u0080\u0094a gangster who tricks and then trains street children into becoming beggars. When Salim discovers Maman is blinding the children in order to make them more effective beggars, he flees with Jamal and Latika to a departing train. Latika fails to board the train as Salim purposefully lets go of her hand, thus resulting in her being recaptured by Maman. Over the next few years, Salim and Jamal make a living travelling on top of trains, selling goods, picking pockets, working as dish washers, and pretending to be tour guides at the Taj Mahal, where they steal people's shoes. At Jamal's insistence, they return to Mumbai to find Latika, discovering that she is being raised by Maman to be a prostitute, to fetch him soon a high price and as a virgin. The brothers rescue her, and while escaping Maman they shoot him to death. Salim then manages to get a job with Javed \u00e2\u0080\u0094Maman's rival crime lord. Back at their room, Salim orders Jamal to leave him and Latika alone. When Jamal refuses, Salim draws a gun on him, whereas Latika persuades Jamal to obey his brother and go away.\nYears later, now a tea-boy in an Indian call centre, Jamal searches the centre's database for Salim and Latika. He fails in finding Latika but succeeds in finding Salim, who is now a high-ranking lieutenant in Javed's crime organisation. Jamal reproaches Salim, who then pleads for forgiveness, and offers him to stay in his luxurious apartment. Jamal later bluffs his way into Javed's residence to reunite with Latika but as he professes his love for her, Latika asks him to forget about her. Jamal nevertheless promises to wait for her every day at five o'clock at the VT station. Latika attempts to meet him there, but is recaptured by Javed's men, led by Salim, and once Javed moves to another house, outside Mumbai, the two again lose contact. Jamal becomes a contestant on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, knowing that she watches the show regularly. Much to the consternation of Prem Kumar, the show's host, Jamal becomes a wonder across India. He uses the 50/50 lifeline on the penultimate question and during the following break, whilst in the men's room, Kumar tries to fail Jamal, feeding him with a wrong answer, yet Jamal chose the other one, which turned out to be the correct answer.\nAssuming Jamal is cheating, the police are involved. After an initial beating up, the police inspector listens to Jamal's explanation of how he reached each answer. Finding all of them \"bizarrely plausible\", he allows him back to the show. At Javed's safehouse, Latika sees Jamal on the news and Salim, in an effort to make amends for his past behaviour, gives Latika his mobile phone and car keys, and asks her to forgive him and to go to Jamal. Latika is reluctant out of fear of Javed, but agrees and escapes. ", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the show Jamal was on?", "id": "b38732394a5d4dcdbbaa5ad906dd71e3", "answers": []}, {"question": "How old is Jamal Malik?", "id": "655dce2059364f8c9d290058e11073ce", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Newspaper columnist John Klein (Richard Gere) and ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Newspaper columnist John Klein (Richard Gere) and his wife Mary (Debra Messing) are involved in an accident when Mary swerves to avoid a black, flying figure. John survives the crash unscathed, but Mary is hospitalized. After Mary dies of an unrelated brain tumor, John discovers mysterious drawings of the creature that she had created prior to the night of the accident.\nTwo years later, John becomes lost in West Virginia and inexplicably finds himself in Point Pleasant, hundreds of miles off his route. Driving in the middle of the night, his car breaks down; and he walks to a nearby house to get help. The owner, Gordon Smallwood (Will Patton), reacts violently to John's appearance and holds him at gunpoint. Local police officer Connie Mills (Laura Linney) defuses the situation while Gordon explains that this is the third consecutive night John has knocked on his door asking to use a phone, much to John's confusion. John stays at a local motel and considers how he ended up so far from his original destination.\nOfficer Mills mentions to John that many strange things have been occurring in the past few weeks and that people report seeing a large winged creature like a giant moth with red eyes. She also tells John about a strange dream she had, in which the words \"Wake up, Number 37\" were spoken to her. While conversing with Gordon one day, it is revealed to John that he had heard voices from his sink telling him that, in Denver, \"99 will die\". While discussing the day's events at a local diner, John notices that the news is showing a story on an airplane crash in Denver that killed all 99 passengers aboard. The next night, Gordon frantically explains that he had met the voices in his head, a being named Indrid Cold\nLater that night, Gordon calls John and says that he is standing with a character named Indrid Cold. While John keeps Cold on the line, Officer Mills checks on Gordon. Cold answers John's questions, convincing him that he is a supernatural being. This episode starts a string of supernatural calls to John's motel room. One tells him that there will be a great tragedy on the Ohio River. Later, John receives a call from Gordon and rushes to his home to check on him. He finds Gordon outside, dead from exposure.\nJohn becomes obsessed with the being, dubbed Mothman. He meets an expert on the subject, Alexander Leek (Alan Bates), who explains its nature and discourages John from becoming further involved. However, when John learns the governor (Murphy Dunne) plans to tour a chemical plant located on the Ohio River the following day, he becomes convinced the tragedy will occur there. Officer Mills and the governor ignore his warnings, and nothing happens during the tour. Soon afterwards, John receives a mysterious message that instructs him to await a call from his deceased wife Mary back in Georgetown, and he returns home.\nOn Christmas Eve, Officer Mills calls and convinces him to ignore the phone call from \"Mary\", return to Point Pleasant, and join her. Though anguished, John agrees. As John reaches the Silver Bridge, a malfunctioning traffic light causes traffic congestion. As John walks onto the bridge to investigate, the bolts and supports of the bridge strain. The bridge comes apart, and John realizes that the prophesied tragedy on the Ohio River was about the bridge. As the bridge collapses, Officer Mills's car falls into the water. John jumps in after her and pulls her from the river and up to safety. As the two sit on the back of an ambulance, they see that 36 people have been killed, making Connie the \"number 37\" from her dream. The epilogue displays a series of graphics that state the cause of the bridge collapse was never fully determined. It also states that, although the Mothman has been sighted in other parts of the world, it was never seen again in Point Pleasant.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is John's wife?", "id": "a2deb8a7748943b49613658a304e89d8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the moth man expert?", "id": "5d251ad02f974fbf8d7a568151708766", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is an expert on the Mothman?", "id": "4378293b7b694ce19be9f28a11e6cf92", "answers": []}, {"question": "What bridge collapses?", "id": "f8331d9f63bb4e8d9df099e933427d6c", "answers": []}, {"question": "With what is Mary diagnosed?", "id": "865c5063bef548829485ddd093740406", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Connie Mills profession?", "id": "996b758d2f504b629e76d29f1d68fc3c", "answers": []}, {"question": "In what city is a plane crash prophesized?", "id": "9e98cff83cf940f49cb4e20fb401991e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Mary die of?", "id": "9621fff280974f9eb808b45effdd87c2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was driving the car that was in an accident?", "id": "c863d51cbd224bc09e448aface8ac31c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Sir Wilfred Robarts, a famed barrister, has just b", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Sir Wilfred Robarts, a famed barrister, has just been released from the hospital in which he stayed for two months following a heart attack. Returning to his practise of law, he takes the case of Leonard Vole, an unemployed man who is accused of murdering his elderly friend, Mrs. Emily French. Vole claims he's innocent, although all evidence points to him as the killer, but his alibi witness, his cold German wife Christine, instead of entering the court as a witness for the defense, becomes the witness for the prosecution and defiantly testifies that her husband is guilty of the murder. Sir Wilfred believes there's something suspicious going on with the case, particularly with Mrs. Vole.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who announces that he will defend Christine in her trial for murder?", "id": "da55245e8aa84bfebe14e34a596e09ae", "answers": []}, {"question": "How long did Sir Wilfred Robarts stay at the hospital?", "id": "8b1fc090340742c695af19776ea94824", "answers": []}, {"question": "Why was Sir Wilfred Robarts in the hospital?", "id": "248e177e74da4c6a91eb2826ccb603d5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Leonard?", "id": "82bfcc181f0b435487bcf07f4c6d72ab", "answers": []}, {"question": "From what is Sir Wilfred Robarts released?", "id": "137fef5e894e4a81b6cdefb9a0c9a91b", "answers": []}, {"question": "How long did Sir Wilfred Robarts stay int he hospital?", "id": "6d7d94f538b04a68ab73ba6d8659a1d9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Emily?", "id": "afaea243253547768b80252c2ecde4c2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Wilfred Robarts' occupation?", "id": "14e4c5f74b524e33ac5f70efb242984a", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Sir Wilfred Robert's profession?", "id": "b2a006a616624ba2bf55ee24cfef1430", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Sir Wilfred asked to defend?", "id": "80783d17182e445ebfd788f4ce2051d8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the Elderly Lady Friend?", "id": "2ba293f3ca4c40838d0e14734f614919", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is accused of murdering a rich widow?", "id": "59cf093a96174edc8c5e7e567ebb2d90", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who stabs Leonard?", "id": "472e55ef24fc400cabf876550b02f0c7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is rich widow?", "id": "09ae649064964991acce4acf68579868", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe movie starts off with archive black-and-whit", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe movie starts off with archive black-and-white footage of the Nazi's atrocities on the Jews across Europe. The focus shifts to West Belarus, where Nazi SS soldiers, under the command of Bernicki, the Belarussian Police Captain, are busy \"sanitizing\" a village, killing half the people and abducting the rest. Zus Bielski (Liev Schreiber) and his brother, Asael (Jamie Bell), watch helplessly from the forest. Once the Germans have left, they run to the village and are devastated to find their father dead. They go to their house and find their youngest brother, Aron (George MacKay), cowering under the floorboards in the closet. They take him with them to the forest.In the Lipiczanska Forest, Zus tells a weeping Asael to get a hold of himself. As they sleep, their eldest brother, Tuvia Bielski (Daniel Craig), walks up to them and wakes them up. He first admonishes Asael for not being alert, then embraces him and Aron emotionally. Zus and Tuvia have a rather curt reunion. As they walk into the forest, Zus tells Tuvia that his wife and child are hiding in a village. At night, they discuss their options. The police are after them, however they are safe in the woods. They talk about Bernicki. A friend, Koscik has a gun which they can borrow. Next morning, Aron stumbles across some other Jewish refugees in the forest. He brings them back to his brothers. One of them is a young child, mortally wounded. Unfortunately, they can't save her. As her parents grieve, Zus tells Tuvia that they can't support these people. Tuvia says he'll ask Koscik for food and his pistol.In the nearby village, Konstanty 'Koscik' Kozlowski, their friend and a secret Jew-sympathizer, lets Tuvia inside and gives him food, drink and his pistol, with only 4 bullets. Seeing a police car coming towards the house, Koscik hides Tuvia in the barn, along with some other Jews. It's Bernicki and his sons, who Koscik welcomes warmly. Bernicki talks about his Jew-hunting exploits. Bernicki talks about having killed the Bielskis' father and is now after the sons. He tells Koscik to keep his eyes open and leaves. After they're gone, Koscik gives Tuvia food and drink and asks him to take the Jews from his barn. Tuvia confirms that Bernicki and his sons were responsible for his parent's deaths. He then takes the other Jews and goes into the forest.As they walk into the forest, one of the Jews, an elderly man named Shamon Haretz, Tuvia's old school-teacher, talks to him about his experiences. Tuvia brushes him off. At the campsite, the food is being passed around, with each person taking a small morsel so the others can have some. Zus is upset that Tuvia brought more mouths to feed. Tuvia tells him that it was Bernicki who killed their parents. That night, he goes to Bernicki's house, where he is having dinner with his wife and two sons. Tuvia bursts inside and holds them at gunpoint. He asks them if he knows who he is and why he's there. Terrified, Bernicki says he did as ordered. Tuvia orders him to his knees. Bernicki's sons jump up to their father's aid, but Tuvia shoots them dead. He then shoots Bernicki dead. Bernicki's hysterical wife pleads with Tuvia to kill her as well. Leaving her alive and grief-stricken, he leaves.The next morning, Tuvia tells Zus he killed Bernicki and his sons. They decide to move deeper into the woods. Tuvia brings over more Jews, much to Zus' displeasure. One of them is Isaac Malbin (Mark Feuerstein). The refugees start building makeshift houses in the woods. After almost hitting Zus with a log, Isaac confesses that he's an intellectual, not a carpenter. A refugee introduces Tuvia to his \"forest wife\". Tuvia congratulates them, a bit unsurely. Just then, two men burst into the scene, one of them holding a rifle, while ", "qas": [{"question": "Who led the delaying force?", "id": "6f203df01b294fb3bc91da1d1d5b26f2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is responsible for Tuvia's parents' death?", "id": "534d11d86bea43088c125d6d443a8361", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who do the brothers take in under their protection and leadership?", "id": "1e3e0045245c4eecb3dd0df9ef727ae5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did the brothers flee?", "id": "a94086cac9d841af87af51c78261247e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did the survivors escape?", "id": "799bcea1b3194831a1ad42e088b98858", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the goal of the delaying force?", "id": "88b8312aba4f4b958a9c33777339d441", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did the Nazi Einsatz-Gruppen(task forces) are sweeping through?", "id": "5bcffe52451042d59dd7f597dae483b5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The story is not linked to the first part of the s", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The story is not linked to the first part of the series. Instead, it focuses on a fictional explanation for the Ryanggang explosion in 2004, in which an unexplained mushroom cloud occurred in North Korea.\nAfter reconnaissance satellites detect a large, three-stage Topol intercontinental ballistic missile carrying a nuclear weapon in North Korea, which can strike anywhere in the continental United States, a fictional United States President Adair T. Manning (Peter Coyote) orders a team of U.S. Navy SEALs to destroy the missile and the launch site. The team is led by Lieutenant Robert James (Nicholas Gonzalez).\nThe Pentagon aborts the mission after it receives new information, but by the time the abort order is sent, two SEALs have already parachuted into North Korean territory. James stops the third SEAL from deploying, accidentally knocking the man's helmet against the status indicator mounted near the door. The lieutenant steps onto the makeshift ramp to peer outside, returning to the doorway to inform the rest of men of the abort. The high-speed winds from outside rip the indicator loose and send it flying into the lieutenant's face. Stumbling backwards, James loses his balance and is sucked out of the plane. Callaghan disobeys orders to stand fast, strikes his commanding officer, and follows the first three, taking a radio with him. When North Korean forces led by Commander Hwang (Joseph Steven Yang) find the SEALs, two of the Navy SEALs are killed in a gun battle, and James and Callaghan are captured and tortured by Hwang and his men.\nAfter South Korean special forces rescue James and Callaghan, President Manning and the South Korean government send the SEALs and South Korean special forces to destroy the missile site. But after losing radio contact with the SEALs, the President and his top advisers believe that they have been captured again. Under pressure from his military advisor, General Norman Vance (Bruce McGill), the President decides to send B-2 stealth bombers to destroy the site, which would start a full-scale war against North Korea. The SEALs and the South Korean special forces are almost recaptured by Hwang, but he is shot by a defecting officer. James and the South Koreans destroy the missile silo with a bomb before the bombers reach the missile site, which averts the bombing and prevents a full-scale war.\nA tribunal convicts Callaghan of striking an officer (1 year) and disobeying an officer (10 years). Due to the \"black op\" nature of the mission, the transcript of the hearing is deemed classified and the charges are expunged from his record, leaving him free to return to his family.\nMeanwhile, James meets the president in a classified meeting, bringing his mentor Master Chief Scott Boytano (Keith David) as witness to James' receiving of an award.\nThe film closes with Boytano telling James he wasn't red flagged because Boytano had never seen anyone who desired so badly as James did to be a SEAL. During the credits there is a news report on the Ryanggang explosion.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who destroys the missile silo?", "id": "864838361d27480aa3160fda28adbdb7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who leads the Navy SEAL team?", "id": "4fda425c45a447a587c44dfb74983a9e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who aborts the mission?", "id": "97ebba052626497395e8bc60bb7a15ad", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who rescues James and Callaghan?", "id": "ef2b8e45d84049998581b2254c4ca6f8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What US combat group is ordered to destroy the missile and launch site?", "id": "234a444ad717405193c9325e52fc23de", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn 1953, 10-year-old Larry Flynt is selling moon", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn 1953, 10-year-old Larry Flynt is selling moonshine in Kentucky. Twenty years later, Flynt (Woody Harrelson) and his younger brother, Jimmy (Brett Harrelson) run the Hustler Go-Go club in Cincinnati. With profits down, Flynt decides to publish a newsletter for the club, the first Hustler magazine, with nude pictures of women working at the club. The newsletter soon becomes a full-fledged magazine, but sales are weak. In 1975, after Hustler publishes nude pictures of former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, sales take off.Flynt becomes smitten with Althea Leasure (Courtney Love), a stripper who works at one of his clubs. With Althea and Jimmy's help, Flynt makes a fortune from sales of Hustler. With his success comes enemies - as he finds himself a hated figure of anti-pornography activists. He argues with the activists, saying that \"murder is illegal, but if you take a picture of it you may get your name in a magazine or maybe win a Pulitzer Prize\". \"However\", he continues, \"sex is legal, but if you take a picture of that act, you can go to jail\". He becomes involved in several prominent court cases, and befriends a young lawyer, Alan Isaacman (Edward Norton). In 1975, Flynt loses a smut-peddling court decision in Cincinnati but is released from jail soon afterwards on a technicality. Ruth Carter Stapleton (Hanover), a Christian activist and sister of President Jimmy Carter, seeks out Flynt and urges him to give his life to Jesus. Flynt seems moved and starts letting his newfound religion influence everything in his life, including Hustler content.In 1978, during another trial in Georgia, Flynt and Isaacman are both shot by a man with a rifle while they walk outside a courthouse. Isaacman recovers, but Flynt is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Wishing he was dead, Flynt renounces God. Because of the emotional and physical pain, he moves to Beverly Hills, California and spirals down into depression and drug use. During this time, Althea also becomes addicted to painkillers and morphine.In 1983, Flynt undergoes back surgery to deaden several nerves, and as a result, feels rejuvenated. He returns to an active role with the publication, which, in his absence, had been run by Althea and Jimmy. That same year, Flynt is soon in court again for leaking videos relating to the John DeLorean entrapment case, and during his courtroom antics, he fires Isaacman, then throws an orange at the judge. He later wears an American flag as an adult diaper along with an army helmet, and wears T-shirts with provocative messages such as \"I Wish I Was Black\" and \"Fuck This Court.\" After spitting water at the judge Flynt is sent to a psychiatric ward, where he sinks into depression again. He is diagnosed with having bipolar disorder and forced to take treatment.During this time, Flynt publishes a satirical parody ad in which Christian fundamentalist preacher Jerry Falwell tells of a sexual encounter with his mother. Falwell sues for libel and emotional distress. Flynt countersues for copyright infringement, because Falwell copied his ad. The case goes to trial in December 1984, but the decision is mixed, as Flynt is found guilty of inflicting emotional distress but not libel.By that time, Althea has contracted HIV, which proceeds to AIDS. Some time later in 1987, Flynt finds her dead in the bathtub, having drowned. Flynt presses Isaacman to appeal the Falwell decision to the Supreme Court of the United States. Isaacman refuses, saying Flynt's courtroom antics humiliated him. Flynt pleads with him, saying that he \"wants to be remembered for something meaningful\". Isaacman agrees and argues the \"emotional distress\" decision in front of the Supreme Court, in the case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell in 1988. With Flynt in the courtroom, the court overturns the original verdict in a unanimous decision. After the trial, Flynt is alone in his bedroom watching old videotapes of a healthy Althea.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "During courtroom antics, who was fired by Flynt?", "id": "b8022fea096e431bb4ea3a6c5900e9ac", "answers": []}, {"question": "Why is Flynt released from jail?", "id": "ff3822fde68b489d833eecb1383ae5cd", "answers": []}, {"question": "What magazine does Larry make his money off of?", "id": "8ef19c13a24a4b9693604c21bf28fb06", "answers": []}, {"question": "What disease did Althea contract?", "id": "4ae616d412d34f08949415703ed26b01", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who ran the publication while Larry Flynt was gone?", "id": "130797bbb8c34657a8f723b2d7874431", "answers": []}, {"question": "What decision does Isaacman argue in front of the Supreme Court?", "id": "ca82dcbe2f9043aa97bae0c5c056ff14", "answers": []}, {"question": "What month did the case go to trial?", "id": "104b0b0691934d298950c5dfeb9ba21b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did Larry Flynt throw at the judge?", "id": "6044114c911349bcb916e70abc67de19", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Ruth Carter Stapleton?", "id": "0e4e839a9e1641af9c7bbf50297412f0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where was Larry Flynt selling moonshine?", "id": "ee9dd8837d6b40cbbdfe0451514cb0fb", "answers": []}, {"question": "In which year did Flynt undergone for surgery?", "id": "6012c009e1a648ea9555e99f17d9c5f4", "answers": []}, {"question": "When does Althea die?", "id": "2a1a3fea30c34cf89709582bb92289ac", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who encourages Flynt to give his life to Jesus?", "id": "9062104cc7e14eb08322747d88a4532a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who copied Flynts ad?", "id": "dfa4dfbeede94864b69f68125459ccfd", "answers": []}, {"question": "What year did Larry Flynt have surgery?", "id": "01348466cba94896bc03f20650354b52", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Flynt want to be remembered for?", "id": "666290cca31c47708887b3a381fd3cb1", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Althea do for a living when Larry meets her?", "id": "f9a7b91ff18f4d1f9d11153f90851422", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who copied Flynt's ad?", "id": "b8ee18b92c98462b90f3c66a383ba852", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nZach Conroy and Celeste Mercier are the hottest ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nZach Conroy and Celeste Mercier are the hottest couple on and off the ice until a nasty spill knocks Celeste out of competition. With their dreams of gold medals put in ice and their romance chilling as a result, Zach has to find another partner for the championship in Paris. And fast.\nIn glides Alejandra Alex Delgado, a beautiful, tough talking hockey player with fierce moves and a fearless skating style. Zachs willing to give her a chance, but his coach, Bryan quits in a huff to train Zachs biggest rivals, Cindy Halgyord and Jason Bright. That leaves Zach with a newbie partner and no coach until he convinces former figure skating champ Jackie Dorsey to step in. She puts Zach and Alex through their paces, but the hardest trick of all is keeping them focused on practice and not each other as they bicker and struggle with a growing attraction both on and off the ice. Jackie knows these kids are fire and ice, and sees the chemistry between them. She also knows that if they cant get it together, theyll set the skating world on fire. That is, if the heat between them doesnt cause a total meltdown. With the competition fierce and the stakes higher than ever, the only way Zach and Alex can win is by putting aside their feelings and pulling out a secret weapon: the deadly Pamchecko jump. But is it worth the risk? Can Zach rise above the past and his history of injuring partners? And can Alex prove that shes got the moves to match her passion? It all comes down to the biggest moment of their lives when they learn that sometimes on the ice and in life youve got to risk it all.\n\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Where is International Skating Conference held?", "id": "2b64f04ec7974465ab420e518955ffaa", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who refuses to coach the pair?", "id": "4c760d21364c44d7a3f84ccc279aa7ff", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was Zach Conroy's former lover?", "id": "f410069c1eeb4d82af0c8b01a75083a4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who alongwith Cindy is engaged in subterfuge?", "id": "bdc491ce3c44450bb761be0e38c082f5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did the two ablemake it to?", "id": "e6e95e3976654ccbb8d89ec268b72f6c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is hurt and betrayed?", "id": "e7edd9c2e1534808acd490c108abd56f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nNew Orleans narcotics detective Anthony Stowe (J", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nNew Orleans narcotics detective Anthony Stowe (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is a heroin addict who is teetering on the edge of oblivion, and he couldn't care less.At the moment, Stowe is trying to bring down his former partner Gabriel Callahan (Stephen Rea), who has become a drug kingpin. Callahan is trying to, and slowly succeeding at, taking over the New Orleans underworld.Stowe botches a sting operation against Callahan, resulting in the death of fellow cop Maria Ronson (Rachel Grant), whose fiancee, fellow cop Van Huffel (Adam Leese), is furious at Stowe. Chief Mac Baylor (Gary Beadle) has a very blunt chat with Stowe about it. Stowe is approached by fellow cop Walter Curry (Trevor Cooper) to help his nephew beat a drug-dealing charge. Stowe instead turns him over to Baylor, who fires him. After barricading himself in the station bathroom, Walter confronts an unrepentant Stowe and condemns him for betraying his fellow officers.Later, Van Huffel berates Stowe for getting Maria killed. Stowe responds by attacking Van Huffel in front of several officers. Later, Stowe meets with his estranged wife Valerie (Selina Giles), who tells him that she's pregnant, but that he's not the father. Valerie, whose marriage with Stowe is on the rocks, has been seeing a man named Mark Rossini (Mark Dymond), the gym teacher at the school she is principle of. But he may not be the father either. Stowe brashly accuses Valerie of being impregnated by Callahan, and Valerie tells him she never wants to see him again.The only thing keeping Stowe from total collapse is his dogged pursuit of Callahan. But he drunkenly stumbles into an ambush masterminded by Callahan, and is shot in the head by Callahan's right-hand man Jimmy (Stephen Lord).Stowe undergoes emergency surgery, and ends up in a coma. Months later, he recovers to the point that he opens his eyes, and is transported to his and Valerie's house to recover properly.Seven months after getting shot, Stowe has recovered a lot, although he must learn to walk and speak again. He manages to survive an attempt on his life, by someone who appears to be a cop. He's recovered enough to try to get his job back, but that's the one thing that Chief Baylor doesn't want to give him. The coma has led to his decision to become a better man, and to right some wrongs. He reconciles with his wife, although awkwardly, and gives Walter a check for $40,000, part of his insurance money that compensated his time in a coma. Finally, he visits the grave of fellow police officer Serge (William Ash), who once saved Stowe's life but has been killed by an unknown attacker following another failed sting operation.Valerie packs up to move out of the house so she can live with Mark, but after realizing the change that Stowe has undergone, she later decides to leave Mark and come back home. Stowe is convinced by his friend Chad Mansen (Wes Robinson) not to let his wife go, and Stowe goes after her. They miss each other by a few minutes.Just after Valerie returns and meets Chad, some of Callahan's men show up. Jimmy kills Chad, and kidnaps Valerie. Stowe returns to the house, and finds Chad's body, along with Jimmy waiting for him.Van Damme promoting the film in 2007Jimmy takes Stowe to a warehouse where Callahan is waiting. Along the way, Stowe manages to overpower Jimmy and take his gun, but he finds that the odds against him are impossible- and Callahan has Valerie hostage. Van Huffel is revealed to be Callahan's mole on the police force, and the sting operation at the beginning of the film was a set-up. Walter suddenly arrives and saves Stowe. Together they kill all of Callahan's men, including Jimmy and Van Huffel, as Callahan tries to escape with Valerie to his helicopter. Just as Callahan is about to reach it, Stowe appears.In the European DVD ending, each fire a shot that kills the other. Valerie cries out", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Valerie want to live with when she leaves the house?", "id": "c4664bfb87764ffeaf466f6b888fd61a", "answers": []}, {"question": "How long until Stowe is learning to walk and speak again?", "id": "fcd52d8b91ef4b0c890862d40a299a11", "answers": []}, {"question": "With whom does Stowe reconcile after his coma?", "id": "eeaae188721544e8aaf632c4b592df6e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is a drug kingpin?", "id": "a8d51dd35a394491b9d1ad3dec0f254e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Stowe approach to get his job back?", "id": "38585a49655a4860aaa63ff757921958", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Stowe transported to recover?", "id": "e54f021024bb43bc8648b98802dba90f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Jimmy kill?", "id": "b3c37416f975456e9a838c9f63622ef3", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Stowe addicted to?", "id": "06fa2eac83fa45088a241460856b90d4", "answers": []}, {"question": "What happened at the helicopter?", "id": "5e35d98b54404d019c31c209588e6fca", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who kills Callahan?", "id": "5319a574545340fe91687cdf9ea51160", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Anthony Stowe a detective?", "id": "58a5d534a3ac45c7a553bae07685364f", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is Maria Ronson's financee?", "id": "02b7dcfe258a45be85dbf0bf55c86a04", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Chad Mansen?", "id": "3ae058b7dc474730b8d1b0179c42b72f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who saves Stowe?", "id": "40d7041f1ab24a76834fe798b093281b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Jimmy take to the warehouse?", "id": "66b7120d58e34129b8867db5fbb3c9ad", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Callahan waiting?", "id": "6b59463477fe47b9b55a4970330957de", "answers": []}, {"question": "How long did it take Stowe recover ?", "id": "4f9eab4f4dc64df281955e65be3462c9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Callahan's 'mole' in the police force?", "id": "aaa3b8b6a3784d91b3cce30ccbfabbac", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Callahan hold hostage?", "id": "e767fde76fe64847bfafd3de533f5e68", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the name of the cop who once saved Stowe's life?", "id": "445d1e189dab4810a29c1795e8d32018", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Stowe shot?", "id": "a017a8cc7a0943228cfc2fe62e9269d7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe opening crawl reveals that Han Solo's friend", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe opening crawl reveals that Han Solo's friends are engaged in a mission to rescue the smuggler from Jabba the Hutt and that the Galactic Empire is building a new armored space station which is even larger and more powerful than the first Death Star.Near the forest moon of Endor the new Death Star is being constructed in orbit, and a command star destroyer arrives and launches a shuttle with a fighter escort -- a shuttle bearing the Dark Lord of the Sith. Fearing his arrival, the commander of the new Death Star informs Darth Vader (David Prowse, voice: James Earl Jones) that the station will be operational on schedule, but when Vader challenges this \"optimistic\" appraisal of the situation, the commander admits that he needs more men to accelerate construction. Darth Vader, however, informs the commander that the Emperor (Ian McDiarmid) will be arriving soon, and that he is most displeased with the commander's progress. Shaken, the commander commits to redoubling construction efforts. Vader, pleased, remarks, \"the Emperor is not as forgiving as I am.\"Jedi Knight Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill), Chewbacca (Peter Mayhew), Lando Calrissian (Billy Dee Williams), Princess Leia Organa (Carrie Fisher), C-3PO (Anthony Daniels), and R2-D2 (Kenny Baker) return to Tatooine to rescue Han Solo (who was encased in carbonite at the end of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back) from the gangster Jabba the Hutt (voice: Larry Ward). Luke sends C-3PO and R2-D2 to Jabba's desert palace to deliver a message: In a hologram projected by R2, Luke offers to bargain with Jabba for Solo himself -- if Jabba does not, he will be destroyed. Jabba laughs at the message and refuses to give up his \"favorite decoration:\" Han, frozen in carbonite, hangs on a wall in Jabba's court. The two droids are sent to EV-9D9's workshop where C-3P0 is given the job of Jabba's translator and R2 will be a drink-server on Jabba's sail barge.Disguised as a bounty hunter named Boushh, Leia arrives in Jabba's court with Chewbacca in cuffs. She offers him to Jabba for a sizable bounty. After Leia dickers with Jabba over the amount and threatens him with a small thermal detonator, Jabba happily agrees to pay, impressed with the bounty hunter's nerve, and Chewbacca is imprisoned.That night, Leia sneaks into Jabba's court and frees Han from the carbonite. However, she and Solo are both captured by Jabba. Solo is imprisoned with Chewbacca and Jabba keeps Leia on display in a metal bikini and chains. Luke arrives with a final ultimatum to release Solo. Jabba again refuses and drops Luke through a trap door into a pit below his throne that houses the rancor, a fearsome beast that Jabba keeps for executions. As Leia watches in horror, she sees Lando Calrissian disguised as a palace guard. After a brief battle, Luke defeats the rancor, enraging Jabba, who declares that Luke, Solo and Chewbacca will be slowly consumed by the sarlacc -- a huge, shark-toothed, tentacled maw at the bottom of the Great Pit of Carkoon.The group is taken to the pit on Jabba's sail barge fleet and prepared for execution: Luke is the first, pushed out onto a thin plank over the pit. Luke gives R2 a short salute and a small object, Luke's new lightsaber, is launched into his hand. A battle erupts, with Luke steadily taking the fight to Jabba's men. During the battle, Leia strangles Jabba with the chain around her neck and with R2-D2's help escapes from her bonds. Solo accidentally knocks Boba Fett (Jeremy Bulloch) into the sarlacc pit. Lando is also thrown off one of the skiffs, hanging by a few cables until he's rescued from the sarlacc itself by Han and Chewbacca. Luke, having fought his way onto Jabba's sail barge, has the escaping Leia aim the deck cannon at the vehicle and sets it on automatic fire; the sail barge soon blows apart. Our heroes manage to escape before it explodes, retrieve R2 and C-3PO and zip off into the desert. ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Vader's son?", "id": "9748de574b40428f9797d958f8f9a6ec", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who takes Luke to meet the Emperor?", "id": "fe5a22daea624925b11306be9a3cb2ab", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who leads the rebel fleet to the Death Star?", "id": "bd47ed7ca22847339fe6df1832f06091", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Luke return to with his father's body?", "id": "47a199da070840269eff0807673c572f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who captures Princess Leia?", "id": "df0b27c6d5ae47248f76883af0e0263f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the Empire construing?", "id": "f2b1f3a009a04a969325e32d36457a24", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Luke's twin?", "id": "84615bf88d394abbbdc066d8132a51c4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is the Sarlacc's nesting ground?", "id": "13e2285512b84ef29e593c473fa842eb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who kills the Emperor?", "id": "c9579578674f4b89b31373dd4f5234c2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nJack Elgin is the European editor of The Economi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nJack Elgin is the European editor of The Economist, which is based in London, England. Jack has a wife named Maria and three kids named Joanne, Julia, and Andrew. Jack subtly changes the family vacation from a lazy week of Mediterranean fun and sun in Corfu, Greece, to a tour of India, because of a story he has to cover. Maria is not as impressed by this as the kids are. Jack himself envisioned a chance to simultaneously work an easy reporting assignment and spend a little quality time with his family. But on the way to India, the airplane, a 747 owned by AM Air, an American airline, makes an unscheduled stopover in Limassol Cyprus, because of a mechanical problem. After a while of waiting inside the Limassol airport, everyone gets back on the plane -- which is then hijacked by a group of terrorists known as the August 15th Movement, led by a Serbian man named Ivanic Loyvek and his right-hand man Karadan Maldic. The terrorists take a silver briefcase from an diplomatic courier, an older man, and it appears to be an important object of their hijack. And they are demanding $50,000,000 from the US State Department in one hour, or everyone on the airplane will die.The demand is met, and Loyvek and Maldic start releasing the women and children, with the men to go last. But as soon as a front passenger door is opened, the local police begins shooting. Inside the plane, the owner of the briefcase retrieves it, only to be killed the terrorists, who take it again.The flight attendants frantically open the rest of the airplane's doors and start getting passengers out, but the terrorists start killing passengers, leading to an explosion. Maria, Joanne, and Julia get out of the airplane, and then Jack, holding Andrew, gets out -- only to watch Maria, Joanne, and Julia get shot by the terrorists. Jack tries to hide Andrew's face so he can't see. Maria and Joanne are killed, but Julia burns to death while crying for help.Jack and Andrew survive. 15 passengers die, and Loyvek and Maldic, the surviving terrorists, escape, knowing that they now have the $50,000,000. Back in London, a devastated Jack is told that the terrorists were captured, but they were released and deported secretly, with no charges and no arrest, the result of some awfully compromised politics. Jack is understandably enraged that Loyvek and Maldic got off scot-free. While helping Andrew cope, Jack tries all the legal ways to ensure justice for his family, but to no avail.Jack even pays a visit to Henry Davidson, a CIA agent who works at the American Embassy in London. Davidson tells Jack that there's little that can be done. The American and British governments are completely impotent when it comes to going after Loyvek and Maldic. Jack decides he has no choice in the matter but to seek revenge. With the help of his ex-intelligence operative friend Kate Stockton, who is well-schooled in the finer points of international intelligence, Jack becomes a one-man anti-terrorist squadron, searching for Loyvek and Maldich. He finds a warehouse they apparently are using as a headquarters. Breaking in, he finds some papers which he takes, and some weapons. The terrorists return, find a flashlight Jack was using, and begin searching the warehouse. Jack returns upstairs, retrieves a machine pistol and loads it with a magazine. He kills three terrorists before escaping.He later breaks into the home of a friend at MI6 and steals a Walther PPK pistol from his home. He shows up at a theatre and makes a scene at the bar, to be sure he is noticed by the bartender. He then follows one of the terrorists in his taxicab, killing him with that weapon. He returns to the theatre and makes a point of apologizing to the bartender. The next day he goes pheasant hunting with his MI6 contact in case he is tested for gunpowder residue.Dogging Jack's trail is FBI agent Jules Bernard, who's cooperating with Scotland Yard on anti-terrorist activities, and who suspects ", "qas": [{"question": "Who burned to death during the terror attack?", "id": "44fb6ba6377842bcacecaf7056afb458", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who do Loyvek and Maldic release last?", "id": "8962453e86b34ea4b582a872e8d23543", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many passengers died in the attack?", "id": "3429965d12134383aeb3f102999416bc", "answers": []}, {"question": "How much money did the terrorists escape with?", "id": "e6a0078af2054f418a1dc5834e25db99", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is an expert in international intelligence?", "id": "f085abb4950b485982c66a68f42424c6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the group of terrorists known as?", "id": "40340331d8eb46908b2bd7d9b6f5d8cd", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the  one-man anti-terrorist squadron?", "id": "1fb78da3c3474b00868713b0f59eff4d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Jack kill?", "id": "433600db57044c2db9ff566ff4f137a6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who leads the August 15th Movement?", "id": "0068b4ea006c444b968907190f183fe0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who helps Andrew cope?", "id": "f030f955a6444404ab03e88cd6a5ac1c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Jack visit?", "id": "3497be8576c5446e8ae01377bcf8e7ad", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does the plan make an unscheduled stopover at?", "id": "e9e3b678e8b849ff95fb57cc2300ba88", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Jack's wife?", "id": "32a1bc47338b40bf9c7e354181560911", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is told that the terrorists were captured?", "id": "46def6d1c87c4159ba32ead923794029", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the European editor of The Economist?", "id": "9423d5d338b84050ad056b99899793e3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which governments are impotent?", "id": "a38bd2741986494f818d234ead7d558d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nSomewhere in harbourside Sydney, Australia, a fa", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nSomewhere in harbourside Sydney, Australia, a family lives within a high-rise apartment building where the mother is preparing a meal and listening to the radio. Her fourteen year old daughter (Jenny Agutter) and six year old son (Luc Roeg) swim in the building's pool overlooking a view of the ocean while their father (John Meillon), deep in troubled thought, watches them from their balcony.One day, the father takes his children, still in their school uniforms, on a picnic into the Outback. He parks the car and reads while his daughter sets up a blanket with their lunch. Her brother plays nearby with his water gun and toy soldiers. Suddenly, and for reasons unclear to his children, the father announces it is time to go and brandishes a gun, firing several shots at them. The boy thinks it all to be a game but his sister understands the danger and shields her brother as they run from their mad father. She watches in horror as her father returns to the car and sets it on fire before seating himself within and putting a bullet into his head. Quickly, and keeping her brother's eyes averted, the girl retrieves their radio, a scarf, and what food she can carry before setting off into the wilderness with her brother.The siblings walk for hours under the hot sun, calmed by irrelevant radio broadcasts, and walking past a host of wild creatures. Come nightfall, they make a crude camp for themselves, much to the boy's delight. In the morning, the girl leads them up a rocky hillside where she hopes to find some bearings. However, she can see nothing but a broad spanse of wilderness. When they finish their lemonade, the girl opens a can of vegetables from which they drink the juice. Recalling an uncle's story of military training, the girl suggests they eat salt to retain water and surmises to her brother that they may spend some time in the desert. She remains stoic, but wary, while her brother is blissfully unaware of their situation, remaining entertained by the radio and his toys. Eventually, after becoming filthy and tired, they come upon a lone tree standing over a pool of water where parakeets flock and feast on fallen fruit. The boy puts on in his mouth and proclaims that it 'tastes lovely'. They wash in the water and the girl scolds her brother to take care of his clothes so they will last. When he asks if they are lost, the girl replies that they are not, trying to remain chipper. They sleep to the sounds of the radio as night animals stir around them.In the morning, the girl wakes to find that their water hole has dried up and the fruit has either been eaten or spoiled. The girl decides to remain where they are, hoping that the water will return. As they nap in the hot sun, the boy spots an aborigine youth (David Gulpilil) pursuing an animal for food. They make contact and the children attempt to communicate with the aborigine boy. However, he does not understand their language and merely stares at them with curiosity. The girl repeats their need for water but the word is incomprehensible to the aborigine. When her brother mimics drinking, the aborigine understands and shows them how to dig for water using a hollow tube to drink through. Assuming that he will lead them to civilization, the siblings accompany the aborigine, unaware that he is on a 'walkabout', a coming-of-age journey that every male aborigine youth must take alone in order to be initiated as an adult in his tribe.As they travel the Outback, the aborigine kills and harvests food for them, giving them all plenty to eat and drink. The move from the desert to greener pastures and forests where wildlife becomes plentiful. When the boy becomes sunburnt from going shirtless, the aborigine rubs pig fat on his back to alleviate the burn. While communication between them remains limited, the trio share food and play together, though cultural differences are evident; the boy attempts to share his toy soldiers with the aborigine, but he finds no use for them and tosses ", "qas": [{"question": "What does the Aboriginal boy hunt down ?", "id": "872370d71a7c4916ba3247a9f0beba25", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was caught by surprise undressing in the movie?", "id": "667ee7565d4d47a89b7d359d63d90f77", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whom does the boy ignore when she speaks to him?", "id": "dcae507d52594b0ebe9689e41510c515", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the children discover?", "id": "9cb96e3f1ad14493ac57d7ddd402d5df", "answers": []}, {"question": "what has dried up By the next morning?", "id": "0d7fc58770b04f69a36fc16730ee7c96", "answers": []}, {"question": "What country does the movie take place?", "id": "8b6034b9f0ea4ee1a2a4cfc0c4b46a18", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nSpace wizard hires interplanetary mercenaries to", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nSpace wizard hires interplanetary mercenaries to kidnap alien smurf rock stars. Said rock stars are held captive using brainwashing, cognitive implants, and cosmetic surgery; guarded by cyborgs. Super fan-boy jumps into his space guitar and follows mercenaries to Earth, and lives amongst the downtrodden as he waits for a chance to rescue them. Chance comes in a super concert funded by the space wizard, in which the fan-boy glides down in a jet glider and shoots cognitive implants off the alien smurf rock stars. All but the female are saved and the band runs off, (Space wizard holds up a super arm to block the shot of the fan-boy, and keeps the device from being William Tell'd off of her). As the band escapes they are pursued and shot at by the cyborgs. A stray lazer bullet is deflected by one of the aliens, and hits the fan-boy. Cyborgs can't drive and run into a semi, kersploding their car, and causing them to survive all Terminator style. The female is then whisked away and forced to dress pretty at various events. She is saved by the rock stars while the artists of the soundtrack are defeated in musical kombat. Being taken to their alien hideout, she is introduced to the fan-boy, and he shows off toys of their alien smurf rock star selves. Alien smurf rock stars are all WTF, and his psychotropic blood causes a hallucination, in which he and the female trip out and shows what a date would have been like (enter best song on the album). Fan-boy dies, and sadness ensues. They go out into the world, free from the space wizard, and bury the fan-boy under a tree. Fan-boy evolves into naked ghost fan-boy. Driving along she finds a clear card invitation to an address not far from where they are. The go inside and discover it's the space wizards house. Inside they find the story of the space wizard, and realize he's all super evil, and old. They are captured, and taken to the basement, where they find the machine he was going to use to gain control of the universe. Placing the female into the machine, as well as their number one gold record, (the one they defeated the soundtrack artists with), the space wizard prepares to He-man it up. Luckily the rest of the band fights back and overpowers their old cyborg guards, causing the space wizard to fall down a big hole, and them to be able to escape. They learn where their old identities are, and send the black guy in to steal them back for everyone. He's stopped by the security guards of the building the identity discs are in, and hospitalized. He re-blues, and the nice record exec helps him and the rest of the band to find out who they are. The people of Earth love the alien smurf rock stars, and send them to space. As they are going through the wormhole (no Morgan Freeman) they are attacked by a pissed off space wizard spirit. Naked ghost fan-boy counter attacks, and defeats the space wizard in immortal kombat. Alien smurf rock stars make it to their part of space, but being alien smurf rock stars, and not smurfstronauts, they don't know where to go. They say \"fuck this\" and proceed to do the only thing they know how to do, and rock out. Alien smurf space traffic control overhears their jam session, and go to rescue them. Happiness reigns supreme.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who attempts to sacrifice Stella?", "id": "fa017b190698411a8f1dbc9a7ed4b63a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who appears and attacks the ship?", "id": "3e9fa3ff1fc447a5958fde9532781263", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does the final gold record thrown?", "id": "fb7e0590bc6e4ffc9731bca5ad584b79", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is tasered by a guard?", "id": "42c07c85f565458da32a777be0295b13", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did they find a journal revealing Darkwood's plans?", "id": "40e7fceb14d748aea5c2506eb3d73a7e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Why the band travel backs to the record company?", "id": "a5be42df49754b69919d021d2ced0f4e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This article's plot summary may be too long or exc", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This article's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (October 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)\nOyuki, a tattooed female assassin \u00e2\u0080\u0093 the renegade member of a daimyo's personal bodyguard detail \u00e2\u0080\u0093 is killing every man that is sent up against her. Along with her deadly use of the short blade, she strips to the waist while fighting to reveal elaborate tattoos on her chest and back. On her front is a kintar\u00c5\u008d grasping her left breast. A portrait of a mountain witch covers her back. She then cuts off her victims' topknots, or chonmage, which brings dishonor to the dead man and his family.\nOgami Itt\u00c5\u008d, the disgraced former shogun's executioner, or Kogi Kaishakunin, is hired to kill Oyuki. He tracks down the tattoo artist, who explains that she was a \"fine\" woman who did not scream as he dug into her flesh with his needles.\nMeanwhile, Itt\u00c5\u008d's 3-year-old son, Daigoro, has grown restless waiting by the baby cart his father uses to trundle him about in. He goes exploring and finds a pair of performing clowns on the street. When the clowns finish their performance, Daigoro follows them, hoping to see more. But the clowns shoo him away, saying it's time to go home. Now, Daigoro has wandered too far. He is lost, and has become separated from his father.\nAgents of the Ogamis' mortal enemies, the Yagy\u00c5\u00ab, are never far away. A procession of them, accompanied by the sound of gongs and loud shrieks, sends Daigoro into hiding. Itt\u00c5\u008d must give up his search rather than risk an entanglement with the men, so he travels on alone.\nDaigoro spends days looking for his father, searching in every temple in the countryside. He enters one temple and sees a figure at the altar praying, but it is not his father. Rather, it is a man whom Daigoro immediately recognizes as someone who is unfriendly.\nThe man follows Daigoro, who wanders into a grass field as it is being lit on fire by farmers. Unwittingly, Daigoro is surrounded by the flames, but he proves his resourcefulness by burying himself and surviving.\nThe man then turns his sword on Daigoro, who raises a stick to defend himself, and in that instant the man realizes who Daigoro is.\nJust then, Itt\u00c5\u008d comes into the picture, and the two recognize each other. The man, it turns out is Gunbei Yagy\u00c5\u00ab, the outcast son of Retsudo Yagy\u00c5\u00ab. Gunbei and Itto had competed for the post of shogun's executioner, and Gunbei's fierce swordsmanship surely would have won him the post, but in his over zealousness, he ends up pointing his sword at the shogun \u00e2\u0080\u0093 a taboo movement that costs him the job and makes him an outcast.\nItt\u00c5\u008d and Gunbei now have a rematch, but Itto is much improved and is ready for Gunbei. With a swift stroke, he chops off Gunbei's right arm. Gunbei then begs Itt\u00c5\u008d to kill him, but Itt\u00c5\u008d refuses, saying there is nothing to be gained from slaying a man who is already dead.\nWith Gunbei out of the way and father and son reunited, the action then turns on finding the tattooed killer, Oyuki. He first stops at a settlement of street actors that Oyuki was said to be a part of. He talks to the elder and hears more of her story, and it happens that the elder is Oyuki's father, who is opposed to her actions, and cooperates with Itt\u00c5\u008d.\nItt\u00c5\u008d finally locates Oyuki at a hot spring and witnesses her in action against more vassals who have come to try to kill her. Then her nemesis, her former instructor who raped her and set her on her bloody vendetta, shows up with his flaming sword and blazing eyes. But she is no longer in his sway, and when he sees her tattoos, he is distracted and killed.\nFinally, Itt\u00c5\u008d and Oyuki must duel, and he makes quick work of her. She dies a splendid ", "qas": [{"question": "Oyuki is deadly skilled at using what?", "id": "e9586c8a33514c3093b623d853b8f40f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the female assassin?", "id": "33f2b0efb786437aa4a059f2364ad57c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Of what is the portrait that covers her back?", "id": "5bc842281f3a4c59938b985eddc10052", "answers": []}, {"question": "who shoos daigoro away?", "id": "7563c3422c134ef5a680153173e1e4fe", "answers": []}, {"question": "Ogami Itto is hired to do what to Oyuki?", "id": "536f534d3a9e454eab762e9227d0b60f", "answers": []}, {"question": "what is oyuki's job?", "id": "ee4850b688e2498f9d4eeba6d984663d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This article's plot summary may be too long or exc", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This article's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (August 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)\nEdna Buxton (Illeana Douglas) is a steel heiress from Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, who wants to be a singer and enters a talent contest. The story begins with a conversation between herself and her mother (Christina Pickles) with regard to what she will sing and what she will wear. At her mother's insistence, she reluctantly makes a plan to sing \"You'll Never Walk Alone.\" Edna is even less thrilled about her mother's choice of wardrobe, calling it uncomfortable. Her mother responds with a cutting remark, \"Perhaps it's not the dress. Perhaps it's you who doesn't fit, dear.\"\nBackstage at the contest, she meets a blues singer named Doris Shelley (Jennifer Leigh Warren). Doris advises Edna to follow her heart, and the two women trade dresses. Clad in Doris\u00e2\u0080\u0099s sleek black dress, Edna sings \"Hey There\" instead. Despite the fact that she wins the contest, she loses the respect of her mother, who has since left the theater in humiliation.\nAn excited Denise decides to use her grand prize winnings to record a demo. The studio producer (Richard Schiff) tactfully delivers the painful truth to Edna that not only are girl singers not getting signed, the record companies are trying to get rid of the ones currently on their rosters. When she tells him that she wrote the song, he is impressed enough to direct her to Joel Milner (John Turturro) who takes her under his wing, renames her \"Denise Waverly\" and invents a blue-collar persona for her. Milner reworks her song for a male doo-wop group, the Stylettes, as male solo artists are groups are far more marketable. The song becomes a hit.\nDenise moves to New York and becomes a songwriter in the Brill Building. At a party, she meets the arrogant songwriter Howard Caszatt (Eric Stoltz), and despite an awkward initial meeting they become romantically involved. She also reunites with Doris, who is not only singing at the party that night, but apologizes for keeping Denise\u00e2\u0080\u0099s expensive dress after all that time. She insists it was because she wasn\u00e2\u0080\u0099t sure how or where to return it. Meanwhile, Denise offers to and writes a song specifically for Doris and her two girlfriends. She persuades a reluctant Milner to audition the group. Milner likes the group and the song Denise has written, and renames the group The Luminaries.\nAt Howard's insistence he and Denise begin writing together; partly out of respect for her talent, but primarily because she's had greater mainstream and commercial success. His songs had been deemed \"too controversial\" and had been repeatedly banned from radio airplay. She overhears an argument between Sha-Sha (Kathy Barbour)\u00e2\u0080\u0099s niece Annie (Tracy Vilar) and her boyfriend. It turns out the young teen is pregnant. Denise and Howard pen the song \u00e2\u0080\u009cUnwanted Number\u00e2\u0080\u009d based on the girl\u00e2\u0080\u0099s struggle. Although it's banned, it attracts the attention of prominent and influential disc jockey John Murray (Bruce Davison) who, despite the negative attention of the song, credits Denise with sparking the craze for girl groups.\nDenise then suggests that she and Howard should write a wedding-themed song for the Luminaries. Howard says he doesn't believe in marriage, but when Denise reveals that she is pregnant with Howard's child, they are married and have a daughter.\nLife is idyllic for Denise with a family and successful songwriting career. Milner then recruits the beautiful English songwriter Cheryl Steed, who immediately catches Howard\u00e2\u0080\u0099s eye, and ultimately Denise\u00e2\u0080\u0099s disdain. Cheryl immediately diffuses the flirtation by informing the couple that she already has a songwriting partner\u00e2\u0080\u0094her husband Matthew (Chris Isaak).\nJoel tasks Denise and Cheryl with collaboration on a song for the ing\u00c3\u00a9nue singer Kelly Porter (Bridget Fonda). The women protest but, nevertheless, bond over the realization that the young songstress is in a closeted lesbian relationship. Their song \u00e2\u0080\u009cMy Secret Love\u00e2\u0080\u009d ", "qas": [{"question": "What did Edna rename herself to?", "id": "61a502a4883949ca9ada7e3fc08229ae", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Edna's first original song?", "id": "869caa2e4c7c4f8293b2512bf93b6ac1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Six weeks after the death of her mother, Nancy Per", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Six weeks after the death of her mother, Nancy Perkins' father (Thomas B. Henry) marries Doris (Jeanne Dean), and decides to enroll the eighteen-year-old Nancy (Sandra Harrison) into a boarding school, the Sherwood School for Girls. They are greeted by the principal, Mrs. Thorndyke (Mary Adams), who emphasizes to Nancy that the school is not a corrective institution but a private preparatory school with a very good reputation.\nNancy is immediately harassed by her dormmates that night, and at breakfast the next morning, after Thorndyke officially introduces Nancy to the girls, Myra (Gail Ganley), their leader, tells Nancy that it was good thing that she did not mention anything about the way they acted the previous night.\nMyra also tells Nancy about their secret club, \"The Birds of Paradise,\" and introduces her to Eddie (Don Devlin), a young groundsman whom the \u00e2\u0080\u009cBirds\u00e2\u0080\u009d take turns dating. Myra is the assistant for Miss Branding (Louise Lewis), the school\u00e2\u0080\u0099s chemistry teacher, who is writing a thesis about her belief that there is a \u00e2\u0080\u009cterrible power,\u00e2\u0080\u009d \u00e2\u0080\u009cstrong enough to destroy the world\u00c2 \u00e2\u0080\u0093 buried within each of us.\u00e2\u0080\u009d If she can prove this is the case, she hopes that the scientific community will abandon their experiments with nuclear power and other weapons mass destruction. When Branding tells Myra that she is looking for a special girl on whom to experiment, Myra suggests Nancy.\nDuring chemistry class, Myra and her friend Nola (Heather Ames) deliberately switch a chemical in order to burn Nancy, causing her to react violently. Intrigued, Branding later talks with Nancy and gains her confidence. She then asks Nancy if she may hypnotize her and Nancy agrees. Branding places an amulet from antiquity around her neck, telling Nancy that it came from the Carpathian Mountain region and is capable of healing, as well as destroying\u00c2 \u00e2\u0080\u0093 and has the ability to release frightening powers. As Nancy gazes at the amulet, Branding hypnotizes her and instructs her to always obey her.\nLater, Eddie and two local boys, Tab (Jerry Blaine) and Joe (Jimmy Hayes), climb up into the girls' room as they are having Nancy\u00e2\u0080\u0099s initiation party. In a nearby building, Branding hears the noise and, despite the distance, is able to re-hypnotize Nancy, turning her into a vampire. The party is broken up by the disciplinarian Miss Rivers (Edna Holland), who then sends Nola to the basement to fetch supplies. While in the basement, Nola is attacked by something subhuman and killed.\nThe next morning, as police detective sergeant Stewart investigates the killing, Nancy is unable to wake up until Branding orders her and, when she relates a nightmare she had, Branding orders her to forget it.\nAt police headquarters, the coroner informs Lt. Dunlap (Malcolm Atterbury) that he found two puncture wounds in Nola's jugular vein and that the body was drained of blood. A young assistant to the coroner, Mike (Paul Maxwell) who shared a room in med school with \u00e2\u0080\u009can exchange student from a small town in the Carpathian Mountains,\u00e2\u0080\u009d remembers his friend's stories about vampires. Dunlap is unimpressed in the theory.\nThe girls later organize a Halloween scavenger hunt in the local cemetery, and Nancy is again transformed into a vampire and kills another girl, as well as Tab. The police subject all the girls in the scavenger hunt to a lie-detector test, however, Branding is able to alter Nancy's responses to the questions by remote hypnosis.\nBack at the school, Nancy, confused and frightened by her transformations, begs for Branding's help, but Branding assures her that the experiment will soon be over and that she will be proud of her part in saving mankind from self-destruction. The state threatens to close the school over the unsolved murders, and consequently, Thorndyke asks Branding to take over some of her duties while she attempts to calm concerned parents. Nancy\u00e2\u0080\u0099s boyfriend from back home, Glenn, suddenly arrives at the school, alarmed at the news stories of the slaughters but Nancy acts cold toward him\u00c2 \u00e2\u0080\u0093 afraid ", "qas": [{"question": "Where is the Halloween scavenger hunt?", "id": "a7ce9b3894b94655a74eb87d7e183103", "answers": []}, {"question": "How old is Nancy Perkins?", "id": "9476f59de1a24571ad0815a13f1e6552", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Nancy's boyfriend?", "id": "07042220cbf34829a44007ccb9e756d5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe legacy of legendary dancer and choreographer", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe legacy of legendary dancer and choreographer Honey Daniels lives on in spirited 17-year-old Maria Ramirez (Kat Graham). After a brush with the law, Maria has returned to her gritty Bronx roots to rebuild her life with nothing but a talent for street dance and a burning ambition to prove herself. She finds refuge in the place that made her feel most alive as a kid at the rec center where Honey's exuberant classes first ignited her passion for dance.Keeping on a straight and narrow means living with Honey's mom Connie (Lonette McKee) and holding down a job just to make ends meet. But a rare night out at a local dance club gives her an opportunity to let loose with a joy and energy she had almost forgotten. Maria's killer moves catch the eye of Brandon (Randy Wayne), a rec center volunteer, who invites her to help him transform a group of gifted but indisciplined dancers called the HD's.Maria's skills also attract the attention of her old boyfriend Luis (Christopher Shazar), the charismatic leader of the award winning 718 dance crew, who hopes to lure her back into the street world she is trying to escape. Seeing a chance at creating a new and meaningful life, Maria pours her heart and soul into dance and begins training the HDs to compete on the television dance competition \"Dance or Die\" which means going up against the 718 and Luis. Like Honey before her, Maria rediscovers the thrill of dancing as she finds out who she truly is and where she belongs.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of Maria Bennett's ex-boyfriend in the movie?", "id": "561591d4e0d740bdb863e7b18db2be4c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film starts on June 16, 1994 with Jesse meetin", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film starts on June 16, 1994 with Jesse meeting C\u00c3\u00a9line on a train from Budapest and striking up a conversation with her. Jesse is going to Vienna to catch a flight back to the United States, whereas C\u00c3\u00a9line is returning to university in Paris after visiting her grandmother. When they reach Vienna, Jesse convinces C\u00c3\u00a9line to disembark with him, saying that 10 or 20 years down the road, she might not be happy with her marriage and might wonder how her life would have been different if she had picked another guy, and this is a chance to realize that he himself is not that different from the rest; in his words, he is \"the same boring, unmotivated guy.\" Jesse has to catch a flight early in the morning and does not have enough money to rent a room for the night, so they decide to roam around in Vienna.\nAfter visiting a few landmarks in Vienna, they share a kiss at the top of the Wiener Riesenrad at sunset and start to feel a romantic connection. As they continue to roam around the city, they begin to talk more openly with each other, with conversations ranging from topics about love, life, religion, and their observations of the city. C\u00c3\u00a9line tells Jesse that her last boyfriend broke up with her six months ago, claiming that she \"loved him too much\". When questioned, Jesse reveals he had initially come to Europe to spend time with his girlfriend who was studying in Madrid, but they had broken up when she was avoiding him while he was there. He decided to take a cheap flight home, via Vienna, but it did not leave for two weeks so he bought a Eurail pass and traveled around Europe.\nWhen they are walking alongside the Donaukanal (Danube canal) they are approached by a man who, instead of begging, offers to write them a poem with a word of their choice in it. Jesse and C\u00c3\u00a9line decide on the word \"milkshake\", and are soon presented with the poem Delusion Angel (written for the film by the poet David Jewell). In a traditional Viennese caf\u00c3\u00a9, Jesse and C\u00c3\u00a9line stage fake phone conversations with each other, playing each other's friends they pretend to call. C\u00c3\u00a9line reveals that she was ready to get off the train with Jesse before he convinced her. Jesse reveals that after he broke up with his girlfriend, he bought a flight that really was not much cheaper, and all he really wanted was an escape from his life.\nThey admit their attraction to each other and how the night has made them feel, though they understand that they probably will not see each other again when they leave. They simply decide to make the best of what time they have left, ending the night with the implication of a sexual encounter between them. At that point, Jesse explains that if given the choice, he would marry her instead of never seeing her again. The film ends the next day at the train station, where, just as C\u00c3\u00a9line's train is about to leave, the couple decides not to exchange any contact information but instead to meet at the same place in six months.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Where is the train traveling from?", "id": "640e7f023a5e4ae5bc70d722b69bfe5d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Jesse and Cline decide to meet again at the train station after how many months?", "id": "c0b9ef124c0b4b15931f50209cd3e1cc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is the train traveling to?", "id": "d9e8e72ff5df41a2918dfbeaa268925f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What word do Jesse and Cline choose for their poem?", "id": "686a7d689ff646aa83751ce759475911", "answers": []}, {"question": "Strangers on a train, Jesse convinces Cline to disembark with him in what city?", "id": "c1365f8de7d242a3af1b183e235ccf60", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do Jesse and Cline first kiss?", "id": "cacbbdf1b1144f1cb8582ba6e42e5ed1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do they share their first kiss?", "id": "b6c5d00884d347a59ec8bdb20c579760", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nNew England, the late 1950s. Todd Anderson (Etha", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nNew England, the late 1950s. Todd Anderson (Ethan Hawke), a lonely and painfully shy teenager, who is under pressure by his stern parents because he must live up to his older brother's reputation to attend Yale and become a lawyer, arrives for the new semester at the Welton Academy for boys -- Todd's brother also attended Welton and was a popular and well-regarded student there. This semester begins during an orientation gathering with a speech given by the stern Headmaster Nolan (Norman Lloyd), who states the academy's four pillars: Tradition, Honor, Discipline, and Excellence. Todd meets Neil Perry (Robert Sean Leonard) an ambitious student whom becomes his dorm roommate.Later in his dorm, Neil is ordered by his grumpy and domineering father (Kurtwood Smith) to drop his involvement with the school annual in order to maintain good grades so the boy may become a doctor much as he has done. Neil is under pressure from his stern father's will. Also, Mr. Perry tells Neil that Mrs. Perry also wants him to become a doctor, which further worries the boy. A little later, Todd tells Neil that he is in a similar situation with his parents involving his older brother who also attended Welton a few years ago, graduated, and attended Yale Law School and became a lawyer and his parents want the exact same thing for him. But Todd does not have the courage to tell his parents that he instead wants to be a writer, not a lawyer.During the first day of classes Todd and Neil experience the various teaching methods which include speeches by the trig teacher, as well as the Latin teacher, and the math teacher who states that \"all 20 questions at the end of the first chapter are due tomorrow\". In stark contrast to these orthodox teaching methods, the guys see a different side of the school when they attend English class taught by the newly arrived (and liberal-minded) Mr. Keating (Robin Williams), whom they met briefly during the orientation -- Keating tells his class he was also a student at Welton (\"Helton\" as the students secretly refer to the institution) himself many years ago. Keating enters his class whistling the 1812 Overture, and he first takes the boys out in the hallway to the school's displays cases containing artifacts of the school's sports achievements. He tells them that they all have the potential to become powerful individuals, and they are responsible for what their futures will hold. These two actions show his difference from the other teachers because no other teacher would commit the actions he does. Also, he tells the boys they may call him \"Oh Captain, my Captain\", if they dare. These examples of Mr. Keating's teachings show the boys how to think for themselves. Mr. Keating then tells the boys \"Carpe Diem\", which is Latin for \"seize the day\".In addition to Todd and Neil, a small group of other students whom include the lovesick Knox Overstreet (Josh Charles), the flip Charlie Dalton (Gale Hansen), the pragmatic Richard Cameron (Dylan Kussman), liberal Steven Meeks (Allelon Ruggiero) and the moderate Gerard Pitts (James Waterston), also react to the first day's lesson with comments from \"that was weird\" to \"neat\". Cameron asks if anything Keating told them will be on a future test and the boys respond with mild scorn.The next day Keating starts the class with a traditional teaching approach by having Neil read out loud the introduction to their poetry textbook, which describes how to rate the quality of poetry according to mathematical plotting. Keating finds such mathematical criticism ridiculous and instructs his pupils to rip out the essay which is one of three ways that he demonstrates freedom of expression and non-conformity. When some students hesitate, he tells them \"this is not the Bible. This is a battle, a war. You will have to learn to think for yourselves.\" He later has the students stand on his desk as a reminder to look at the world in a different way.A few days later, Knox Overstreet is asked to attend a dinner party at the Danburry ", "qas": [{"question": "Who helps Todd come out of his shell?", "id": "e92f8fb5cd784976a42eb5a89175bb70", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is fired?", "id": "e66b1c813c7c40eda8761359970a3bc4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Todd Anderson's roommate?", "id": "83aaa54afccc471a9234edda0ee7aecf", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who commits suicide?", "id": "3ceeae3bd98a4a97bc8714421f14c225", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who takes over Keating's class?", "id": "9b15a888ddd14d4c9a36d49d2140f8bd", "answers": []}, {"question": "By whose unorthodox teaching methods were the students surprised?", "id": "b5c87802fca14ed7a78e0df8ef5491c7", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the Latin expression which John Keating summarized to his students?", "id": "6a3bee169bb342c2bc6ac558b2e770a7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Todd Anderson begin school?", "id": "572ca5ce254d432c9e42399858520e0e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was attracted by the new english teacher's methods?", "id": "cd57feb858ae4da6b6a7ca259006e325", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who restarts the club?", "id": "cd45026784614f6e81e00603dbf9e33b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Nolan warn?", "id": "2561e881cccc448a99e1a3a0a9557d9d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film opens by cutting back and forth between s", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film opens by cutting back and forth between scenes of a naval ship carrying Admiral Croft (John Woodvine), and a buggy carrying Mr. Shepherd (David Collings) and his daughter Mrs. Clay (Felicity Dean) to Kellynch Hall. Shepherd and Clay are accosted by creditors due to the debts owed by the residence's owner, Sir Walter Elliot (Corin Redgrave), while Croft discusses the end of the Napoleonic Wars with fellow men of the navy. Sir Walter, a vain foppish baronet, is faced with financial ruin unless he retrenches. Though Sir Walter initially opposes the idea, he eventually agrees to temporarily move to Bath while the hall is let; the idea came from Shepherd, family friend Lady Russell (Susan Fleetwood), and Sir Walter's second eldest daughter, the intelligent Anne (Amanda Root).\nAnne is visibly upset upon learning that the new tenant of Kellynch Hall will be Admiral Croft, who is the brother-in-law of Frederick Wentworth (Ciar\u00c3\u00a1n Hinds)\u00e2\u0080\u0094a naval captain she was persuaded to reject in marriage nine years previously because of his lack of prospects and connections. Wentworth is now wealthy from serving in the Wars, and has returned to England, presumably to find a wife. Later, Anne expresses to Lady Russell her unhappiness at her family's current financial predicament, and her past decision to reject the captain's proposal of marriage. Anne visits her other sister Mary (Sophie Thompson), a hypochondriac who has married into a local farming family. Anne patiently listens to the various complaints confided in her by each of the Musgrove family; this includes Mary's husband Charles, sisters-in-law Louisa (Emma Roberts) and Henrietta (Victoria Hamilton), and parents-in-law Mr and Mrs Musgrove (Roger Hammond and Judy Cornwell).\nCaptain Wentworth comes to dine with the Musgroves, but Anne avoids going when she volunteers to nurse Mary's injured son. The following morning at breakfast, Anne and Mary are suddenly met briefly by Wentworth, the first time he and Anne have seen each other since she rejected him. Anne later hears that Wentworth thought her so altered that he \"would not have known [her] again\".[2] Louisa and Henrietta begin to pursue marriage with Wentworth, as the family is unaware of his and Anne's past relationship. Hurt and rejected by Anne's refusal years before, Wentworth appears to court Louisa, much to Anne's chagrin. Later, Wentworth learns Anne also was persuaded by Lady Russell to refuse Charles' offer of marriage, after which Charles instead proposed to Mary.\nAnne, Wentworth, and the younger Musgroves go to Lyme and visit two of Wentworth's old naval friends, Captain Harville (Robert Glenister) and Captain Benwick (Richard McCabe). While there, Louisa rashly jumps off a staircase in the hopes Wentworth will catch her, sustaining a head injury. Afterwards, Anne goes to Bath to stay with her father and sister. Sir Walter and Elizabeth reveal they have repaired their relationship with a previously disreputable cousin, Mr. Elliot (Samuel West), the heir to the Elliot baronetcy and estate. Anne is introduced to him, and they realise they briefly saw each other in Lyme. Much to Lady Russell's pleasure, Mr. Elliot begins to court Anne, but she remains uncertain of his true character. Meanwhile, Louisa has recovered and become engaged to Captain Benwick. Wentworth arrives in Bath and encounters Anne on several occasions, though their conversations are brief.\nAnne learns from an old friend, Mrs. Smith (Helen Schlesinger), that Mr. Elliot is bankrupt and only interested in marrying Anne to help ensure his inheritance from her father. Anne also is told that Mr. Elliot wishes to keep the baronet from possibly marrying Mrs. Clay to produce a male heir. Soon after, Wentworth overhears Anne talking with Captain Harville about the constancy of a woman's love, and writes her a letter declaring that he still cares for her. Anne quickly finds him and the two happily walk off down a street, arm in arm. That night at a party, Wentworth announces his intention to marry Anne, much to Mr. Elliot's consternation. The final scene shows Wentworth and ", "qas": [{"question": "whose attention does anne draw when she goes to bath?", "id": "3e11201501b74a779f353b12b6c99090", "answers": []}, {"question": "who would lose his inheritance rights if anne's father marries mrs. clay?", "id": "b28e995cb72a4acb8293832cd8405e46", "answers": []}, {"question": "whom, at the age of 19, was anne elliot engaged to?", "id": "429e628c0f774a569c0efd161e10d40a", "answers": []}, {"question": "what does anne accept from wentworth?", "id": "0328d4113cec4e5bba6adfd33b18d584", "answers": []}, {"question": "who proposes to anne with a letter?", "id": "02ae3da5cfd94ca2a98caf4e496d10ea", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Wentworth write in a letter to Anne ?", "id": "256cf9aa2b4b4bd982d93dd7d364b7eb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Anne in love with ?", "id": "9e041c6b12184348a20bfd8c698d59d6", "answers": []}, {"question": "who does anne meet while visiting her sister mary?", "id": "650aef8e51934028bb3e115b789351c4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film is split into three acts, and narrated ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film is split into three acts, and narrated by one of the protagonists Kari Kamiya who has a role in the first and third act of the film. Kari gives a brief introduction to the world of Digimon, explaining the existence of Digimon, monsters that were created from computer data, and live in another dimension called the Digital World. She continues, explaining she is part of a team called the Digidestined, who are partnered with Digimon to protect the world from evil. There were only a small handful of members at first, but it is added a few members introducing a new character for the film, named Willis, who lives in Colorado. Willis has two twin Digimon named Gummymon and Kokomon, but had no other friends to rely on. This takes us into the first act, on the night in 1995 when Kari and her big brother Tai encountered their first Digimon. Kari also reveals that Willis met his Digimon on the same night.In Highton View Terrace, Tokyo, Japan, Tai awakens in the night and finds Kari observing their fathers computer, where a large Digiegg emerges. The next day, Tai and Kari witness the egg hatch into Botamon, who quickly bonds with Kari. Tai goes to answer the telephone but the call is interrupted. Returning to the bedroom, Tai discovers Botamon has transformed into Koromon, a pink ball-like Digimon resembling a space hopper. This is a process Kari later explains as digivolving, which allows a Digimon to turn into a stronger form, which affects electrical equipment. Kari steals food from the family cat Miko, causing her to attack and scratch both Tai and Koromon. At sunset, Tai and Kari discover Koromon can speak, and he calls them his best friends.That night, another electrical surge causes Koromon to digivolve into Agumon, an enormous but simple-minded dinosaur, who leaps out the window with Kari on his back. Tai pursues them into the night as Agumon wanders the street, scaring Kari when he starts blowing things up with fireballs. A second, enormous Digiegg appears in the sky, hatching to unleash Parrotmon, a large bird-like Digimon able to fire electrical blasts. As Tai reaches Kari, Parrotmon destroys an overpass, burying Agumon under rubble. However, Agumon digivolves into Greymon and battles Parrotmon. Parrotmon knocks Greymon out, but Tai uses Karis whistle to awaken him. Greymon leaps up and obliterates Parrotmon with a fire blast, but the attack destroys him in the process.In narration, Kari explains that she, Tai, and six other children were amongst those who witnessed the battle and were chosen to become the Digidestined. Karis narration about the team acts as a segway into the second act, set in 2000, a year after the events of the television series Digimon Adventure.Koushiro Izzy Izumi, a computer whiz and member of Digidestined, spots a computer virus has somehow appeared on the internet and is attacking something. Getting an image of its target, Izzy amongst thousands of others across the world, witness the virus mutate a Digiegg, causing it to hatch and become a Digimon, which addresses the world with Hello!. Across town, Tai tries to compose an apology letter to his friend Sora Takenouchi after they had a falling out, but he has difficulty deciding whether or not to end the e-mail with love or from. Kari appears, off to a birthday party, sending the e-mail to Sora behind Tais back, but Tai discovers the e-mail was not delivered.A montage follows, showing what the eight Digidestined are up to Sora wanders the streets and checks her hair in a shop window but fails to notice the virus Digimon on a large screen, Joe Kido, the oldest of the group and voice of reason misses a train to an exam for summer school, Matt Ishida and his little brother T.K. are visiting their grandmother in the countryside, Kari attends a friends birthday, and Izzy races for Tais apartment. The eighth member Mimi is absent from home. Tai bemoans to his mother that Kari gets to eat cake and their fridge is empty, so Tais eccentric mother suggests she attempt to make a cake. Izzy appears, informing Tai of ", "qas": [{"question": "What has the Digi-Egg been infected with?", "id": "e4fc955e6a9149a19932ba4dceb05d8e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did the second Digi-Egg have?", "id": "6401a7798546441ea054cf45a7c21f7b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was T.K. and Kari visiting in New York?", "id": "cef1edd6f29740c6b7096596068da5ce", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was created after a digi-egg was made by Willis?", "id": "fd1b57f7a2404c3ca86753fce1ad5cbc", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Nannette end up covered in?", "id": "952bc9e77af2401fbebbeee4b5dd4f7d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the newly hatched Digimon", "id": "1e727fdb73b14a89b812ebb622ca5d44", "answers": []}, {"question": "What emerges from Tai and Kari Kamiya's computer?", "id": "1f873287136b4029a0b89bb35fd409c0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In Beverly Hills, California, wealthy heiress Vivi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In Beverly Hills, California, wealthy heiress Vivian \"Viv\" Ashe leaves her richly pampered pet chihuahua, Chloe, with her irresponsible niece, Rachel, while she embarks on a business trip for ten days. Papi, the gardener Sam's pet Chihuahua of Mexican descent, has an unrequited crush on Chloe, by which she is disgusted. Rachel decides to go to Mexico with her friends and stay at a hotel by the beach. When Rachel leaves Chloe alone in the hotel room to go dancing at a club, Chloe goes looking for her. Chloe gets dog-napped as she tries to find Rachel and is sent to the dog fights in Mexico City. There, she meets a street-smart German Shepherd named Delgado. Rachel comes back to the hotel and is frantic when she finds Chloe missing.\nChloe is picked to fight in the pit against El Diablo, a fierce Argentinean-Bolivian Doberman Pinscher. Delgado helps her escape the dog fights, unleashing the other dogs from their cages and unlocking the ring to allow both Chloe and himself to flee. After several arguments, he then decides to return her to Beverly Hills safely.\nMeanwhile, Rachel and Sam go to the Mexican police and offer rewards in an effort to find Chloe. El Diablo is sent by the dog fight ringleader, Vasquez, to capture Chloe and obtain the reward from Rachel. Delgado and Chloe arrive at Puerto Vallarta, where Chloe is caught by El Diablo but rescued. She then waits for Delgado to find help but is tricked into handing over her diamond-studded necklace to con artists Chico, an iguana, and Manuel, a pack rat who claims to be from the Yucutan. Chloe and Delgado sneak onto a train heading towards the border, but they are caught and are forced to jump out, eventually arriving in the barren deserts of Chihuahua, where Delgado explains that he was a former police dog; he was retired after he lost his sense of smell during a raid and a sneak attack from El Diablo.\nRachel and Sam are in Puerto Vallarta and find that Chloe was spotted in the state of Chihuahua. After tracking Chloe and Delgado from Mexico City, El Diablo arrives in Chihuahua and attempts to capture Chloe, but Papi saves her and ends getting captured in a cage inside an abandoned Aztec temple, but Delgado comes to rescue the two and is briefly defeated. Chloe then rescues Papi, but Delgado discovers that El Diablo had vanished. Rachel finds Chloe, and Vasquez get arrested by the police. Chloe returns safely to Beverly Hills without Vivian finding out what happened and accepts a romantic relationship with Papi, as well as Rachel with Sam. The characters' fates are later revealed:\n\nDelgado returns to being a police dog in Mexico.\nEl Diablo is recaptured by Delgado and is adopted by a rich lady who \"had a passion for fashion\".\nChico and Manuel move to Beverly Hills and become rich.\nPapi and Chloe have their first date.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the profession of Papi's master?", "id": "e91ff9f54bab49fcab33bee6b1967508", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the male chihuahua in love with Chloe?", "id": "f839bbef4eb24211bb5f7fa0e943a106", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film Calvary is a parable of the betrayal of", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film Calvary is a parable of the betrayal of the Irish people by the Irish Catholic Church.Context for the story: The Irish Catholic Church which was a pillar of, and defined Ireland's soul has been revealed to have consciously and methodically covered up institutional atrocities perpetrated by themselves.Set in rural Ireland, the film begins in a confessional where Father James Lavelle (Brendan Gleeson) is taking confession. The voice on the other side speaks, \"I was seven the first time I tasted semen\". \"Certainly a startling opening line\", Father James replies. The voice asks if he's being ironic. Father James takes a more serious tone. The voice tells him that he was molested both orally and anally by a priest when he was seven and he bled a lot. Father James asks if he would like to report the priest. The voice says that the priest died a long time ago and that it didn't matter. \"Killing a bad priest isn't a big deal, but if you kill a good priest, people take notice\". The voice says he's going to kill Father James in seven days on the beach.James lives a very simple life. He sleeps in a small room with a bed and his only two possessions are his crucifix and his dog. He takes walks on the beach and interacts with the town people. On the beach, he sees his altar server is drawing a landscape. In it there are two figures. James asks who they are and the boy says he doesn't know, but he has been having a lot of dreams about ghosts lately.After mass, Father James is speaking with Father Leary (David Wilmot) who is gossiping about the townsfolk, sharing information he's heard in confession and making racially inappropriate comments about Simon (Isaach De Bankole) the only black man in the town. Father James doesn't say a word about the threat on his life.James' daughter Fiona (Kelly Reilly) comes to town to lay low after a botched suicide attempt. The townsfolk didn't know it was possible for a Catholic priest to have a daughter. James explains that he became a priest after his wife died. The locals in the pub try to flirt with Fiona, but she has no interest. James does not drink. Its not because he doesn't like alcohol. Its because he likes it too much.Later in the day, James visits with Veronica Brennan (Orla ORourke) who was wearing sunglasses during mass to cover up her black eye. She says her husband did it. So James goes to meet her husband, the local butcher Jack Brennan (Chris O'Dowd) and confronts him. Jack is surprised, but good natured about the whole thing. He dismisses his wife by saying she's probably bi-polar. He says it wasn't him, but it might have been her boyfriend Simon. James questions the infidelity, but Jack explains that it works for them. They each do their own thing. James meets with Simon, who takes offense to the charge and passively threatens James and tells him to mind his own business.James spends time with an elderly man known only as The Writer (M. Emmet Walsh) who asks for a Walther PPK, James Bonds favorite gun and the gun Hitler used to kill himself. The Writer explains that he doesn't want to get old and feeble. He'd rather just take his own life when the time is right.James meets with the local Bishop and tells him about the threat during the confession. He also reveals that he knows who the man is and believes the threat is real. The Bishop says that because the man didn't ask for repentance and there was the threat of a law being broken, James would not violate and church law in speaking with the police.James goes to speak with his friend Inspector Stanton (Gary Lydon), who seems to be spending some time with a male prostitute named Leo (Owen Sharpe). Leo keeps making lewd advances on James and offers to have sex with him in his vestments because he knows that's what priests like. Eventually Leo leaves and ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does the lonely millionaire ask to come visit?", "id": "e5e4a232d78b4c51965ba8d67204d2a0", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Brenden use to defend himself ?", "id": "527842a9d6774f02b633ecdea23cfcaf", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the local butcher?", "id": "fa3af2f6c8294582b5c9bfd09813dfbb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who visits Jack in prision?", "id": "7209e572282e46edb8afae5ef7359edc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does the parishioner say he will kill Father James?", "id": "288718638c1d4889925b4e029efe9962", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whom does Fiona makes peace with?", "id": "ecd48f8b1c9d4b63adfe81e51f73f185", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is waiting for James?", "id": "2547eba372874b6e9e0543b8a4c29c06", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has a lot of anger and rage built up?", "id": "22448a536c4447bf815fe39d98b859ec", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is James", "id": "9c1d358f981e4e3f8a5cc60a1ea917fb", "answers": []}, {"question": "How long does the parishioner give Father James to get his affairs in order?", "id": "006fa5adf59e4e6dac664d8c02cb23f7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who visits James at the church?", "id": "0726f3b88b324313a2ca225b48c0aa96", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Jack hit?", "id": "5f2089b4b58e4e388e506d87f996d039", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who burned down the church?", "id": "f10a454ba65f4153bd0994b0a118f48d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does James talk to?", "id": "50126e230bd0475e930928119b61770b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What do the townsfolk see burning?", "id": "b959531153444d528501b83074dd90c0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who pressurises James to leave the bar ?", "id": "73050de405d646c39b1844b3d1ddee74", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Father James tell about the parishioner?", "id": "aa5505548bd74201a87c2deacca81816", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nRachel (Andrea Bowen), a high school girl, seems", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nRachel (Andrea Bowen), a high school girl, seems to have the life that most people envy: she has a steady boyfriend, some great friends, and a place on the school's soccer team. Preparing for college and separating from her boyfriend are the main worries of this teen, as she lives a carefree life like most girls her age. However, Rachel's world falls apart the day she discovers that Jason (Eric von Detton), a former sexual partner of hers that died an untimely death, was in fact HIV positive and an IV drug user. She immediately goes to an AIDS clinic to get a rapid test, which unfortunately comes back positive. Devastated by the fact that she may actually be infected with the virus, Rachel then confides in her substitute teacher, Sarah (Jennie Garth), who has secretly been living with the disease for years. But both young women are about to find out their secrets will not be kept secret for very long, as word begins to spread throughout their high school and rumors fly, making some of these students realize that they may not be as \"clean\" as they think they are.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "What was Rachel's rapid test result at the HIV clinic?", "id": "524021b6dc4e4476876ed9ce40317016", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Rachel confide in about her test result?", "id": "e9ce23f542c94732b9f1e0f0d6454682", "answers": []}, {"question": "How are Rachel and Jason related in the movie?", "id": "f8b6c9e1a5ac4d4bb3c020b73d079981", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Rachel confide in?", "id": "1d976e6ca27d415ca83df71fafb777e2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What were the results of Rachel's rapid test at the AIDS clinic?", "id": "70ffda4154554056bd62bd08bbd00186", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Rachel's former sexual partner who died an untimely death?", "id": "46d9baae6c1d4481a07509fd22837857", "answers": []}, {"question": "What sport does Rachel play in high school?", "id": "aa058233f68449889756c394b5e27efd", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nBob and Doug McKenzie (Rick Moranis and Dave Tho", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nBob and Doug McKenzie (Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas) are two dim-witted and unemployed \"hosers\" living in Toronto, Ontario who find themselves in a bind when they squander their father's beer money and then run out of beer. The brothers place a live mouse in a beer bottle in an attempt to blackmail the local beer store into giving them free Elsinore beer, but are told to take up the matter at the Elsinore brewery instead. After presenting the mouse to management at the brewery, the brothers are given jobs on the bottling line inspecting the bottles for mice. They take this opportunity to drink lots of free beer off the line; later, they present their parents with a van full of free Elsinore beer products as part of their payment with their new jobs.Meanwhile, the evil owner of the brewery, Brewmeister \"B.M.\" Smith (Max von Sydow), is perfecting a secret plan to take over the world by placing a mind-control drug in Elsinore beer which, while rendering the consumer docile, also makes him or her attack others when stimulated by certain musical tones. Smith tests this adulterated beer on patients of the conveniently located Royal Canadian Institute for the Mentally Insane, which is connected by underground tunnels to the brewery. The effects of the tainted beer are demonstrated in an extended sequence during which the mental patients don armored Star Wars-style hockey garb and, after consuming the beer, respond to synthesizer music by variously playing hockey, skating together in sync, and brawling on the ice.It seems the former brewery owner John Elsinore has recently died under mysterious circumstances and his daughter, Pam (Lynne Griffin), having recently turned 21, has been given full control of the Elsinore brewery. Pam's incompetent uncle Claude (Paul Dooley), in the interim, had married her widowed mother and is reluctant to give up his recently-gained control of the brewery. The reason for this is further revealed to be that the bumbling Claude is collaborating with Brewmeister Smith, for whom he is a buffoonish toady, providing a cover for the Brewmeister's nefarious plans. Bob and Doug blunder into the midst of these plans when they rescue Pam from a malfunctioning security gate and both become fast friends with her.While exploring the massive brewery, Bob and Doug find a shuttered cafeteria containing an old Galactic Border Patrol video game that supernaturally reveals that Brewmeister Smith murdered John Elsinore and that Uncle Claude was deeply involved. Additionally, while poking around the brewery, Bob and Doug meet a one time hockey great, Jean \"Rosie\" LeRose (Angus MacInnes), whom Bob recognizes from the hockey card he has back home at his parents' house. Having suffered a career-ending nervous breakdown and fallen under Smith's control, Rosie gets locked up at the insane asylum but is determined to fight against the Brewmeister's plot for world domination.Eventually, Bob and Doug wander into Brewmeister's operations room while he is away, and Doug takes a record disk of John Elsinore's murder, believing that it is a New Wave bootleg record. Immediately afterward, Brewmeister and Claude shoot the brothers with tranquilizers. They then dress up in the brothers clothes where they are shown on security camera shooting tranquilizer darts at Pam and a friendly associate, named Henry Green, and put their unconcious bodies in kegs.When Bob and Doug wake up, they are back in their van, convinced that their suspicious discoveries were all just dreams, and they are instructed by Claude to deliver two kegs of beer (actually containing an unconscious Pam and her father's friend, Henry Green) to a party at the bottom of a big hill. However, the brakes have been modified to only allow two stops before giving out altogether.Nevertheless, as Bob and Doug drive, they soon get distracted and decide to stop off at their house to feed their dog. They also leave behind the incriminating record disk of Brewmeister and Claude's actions at their house. Having wasted one stop prior, they find themselves unable to stop the now-speeding vehicle and eventually wind up jumping off of the Toronto pier into Lake Ontario. Rosie arrives and tries to rescue Pam who ", "qas": [{"question": "What the brothers presented to the brewery management?", "id": "85429078964c44629b95e5f26947ff00", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do Smith and Claude conceal Pam and Henry Green?", "id": "6adabee26b7c4d659253bb8aeb509260", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who finds and helps the brothers escape?", "id": "f059ad4aefab4586ae78c64bce4d8621", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the brewery is connected to the mental institute by?", "id": "f99e80f21aa249eda29cb46698caffd7", "answers": []}, {"question": "What brand of free beer Bob and Doug McKenzie want?", "id": "90dc0fa147a34cb3b3caef1291a63311", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who killed John?", "id": "d2e1d40bb20d41ed8990a7cf2d343e5c", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the brewery's owner who died under mysterious circumstances?", "id": "ca31403f383b4cc2988404dc2e77069b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do the brothers crash the van?", "id": "29f8036b93ee4246b6782bfcb96bae5f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the floppy disk contain", "id": "38d43486e6ba49748e9a21fadfb13798", "answers": []}, {"question": "A mind control drug was placed in what type of beer?", "id": "b22afde884ac49b9bd49c10d55659e89", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nAfter his father dies in combat during the last ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nAfter his father dies in combat during the last months of the Spanish Civil War, young Carlos (Fernando Tielve) is brought to an isolated orphanage in 1939. The orphanage, which also serves as a school to the resident children, is home to several dozen other boys, as well as Carmen (Marisa Paredes), the world-weary headmistress with a prosthetic leg, Dr. Casares (Federico Luppi), the kind and intellectual assistant administrator, Alma (Berta Ojea), a teacher, Jacinto (Eduardo Noriega), a hired hand, and Conchita (Irene Visedo), Jacinto's fiancee and an employee of the institution. Carmen, who is concerned about the expenses of caring for yet another boy, mentions the stash of gold bars she keeps in the building and how she would prefer to be rid of it, as she cannot buy anything with it in its current form, nor divulge its existence to any outsiders during this volatile wartime.A large bomb is lodged in the dirt at the center of the courtyard, having been dropped from a warplane months before. It was deactivated before it could detonate, but was impossible to pull from the ground. Carlos is befriended by two boys his age, Galvez (Adrian Lamana) and Owl (Javier Gonzalez-Sanchez), with whom he shares his toys and comic books. On his first night at the orphanage, Carlos is dared by an older boy, Jaime (Inigo Garces), to sneak to the kitchen for water after their pitcher spills in the dormitory. Carlos agrees, but dares Jaime to accompany him. As the boys cross the courtyard, Jaime whispers that he believes the bomb is still active, as he can hear its \"heart\" ticking within. The boys reach the kitchen, but Jaime sneaks back to the dormitory, leaving Carlos alone. Carlos hears a chilling whisper from an unknown source, which tells him eerily that \"Many of you will die.\" Frightened, Carlos dashes outside, but is caught by Jacinto.At breakfast the next morning, Dr. Cesares demands that Carlos give up any accomplices who snuck out with him the previous night. Carlos refuses to rat Jaime out, and takes full blame. Later, Jaime confronts Carlos by the cistern under the chapel, in the presence of a few other boys. Though Jaime now holds a higher respect for Carlos, he still feels threatened by the newcomer and pulls out a knife to prove his dominance. In the ensuing scuffle, Jaime falls into the cistern. One of the boys shouts that Jaime cannot swim, and Carlos dives in to save him. Jacinto, the hired hand, appears, breaks up the ruckus, and demands to know the owner of Jaime's knife, which had fallen to the floor. Carlos once again takes the blame, and Jacinto slices Carlos' cheek as a warning before threatening him into secrecy. The boys are all shaken by the incident, but Jaime begins to trust Carlos at last.Later on, Carlos talks with Dr. Caseres, who is treating his cut. Casares shows Carlos how the bulk of the money is made for the orphanage: He sells the spiced rum that is used as a preserving fluid for aborted or stillborn fetuses. He claims that many believe it carries a power that cures many ailments, including impotence. Casares is seen drinking the liquid, suggesting that he suffers from this himself. He and Carmen, the widowed, solemn headmistress, share an unspoken mutual love, but it is insinuated that Casares is ashamed of his lack of skills as a lover. Carmen, meanwhile, is having a loveless affair with the much-younger Jacinto.It is revealed that Jacinto has been at the orphanage since he was a boy, and harbors a passionate hatred for it. He works on the property along with his fiancee Conchita, but his violent side is shown through the way he treats the boys; threatening and sometimes hurting them. Jacinto knows of the stash of gold hidden at the orphanage, and uses his sexual relationship with Carmen as an opportunity to take her keys and search the building for the loot. Carmen is deeply ashamed of fulfilling herself through Jacinto", "qas": [{"question": "What do Casares and Carmen operate ?", "id": "3cd2306f20f141468ccd079390c4acd0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nMichael (John Travolta) is not a stereotypical a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nMichael (John Travolta) is not a stereotypical archangel. He epitomizes the freedom that an angel might command if living among mere mortals. As the tagline says, \"He's an angel, not a saint.\"Two reporters, Frank Quinlan (William Hurt) and Huey Driscoll (Robert Pastorelli), one cynical and the other innocent, work for a tabloid newspaper in Chicago. (\"Quinlan\" is a nod to one of the writers of the same name.) They travel to a sleepy hamlet in Iowa because Quinlan has received a letter from a woman, Pansy Milbank, (Jean Stapleton) who has an angel for tenant and he is able to convince his editor (Bob Hoskins) that they should visit her at the Milk Bottle Motel. She dies before their very eyes, and they \"persuade\" Michael to accompany them to Chicago. Traveling with them is an alleged angel expert, Dorothy Winters (Andie MacDowell) with whom they were saddled by their editor.Michael is in control of the entire trip. They stop when he says so because he causes their tire to go flat. He leads them in a fight in a bar for which they are jailed one night. And he resurrects the dog, Sparky, after it is runover by a truck.Throughout the story, there is romantic tension between the angel expert and Quinlan, the cynical reporter and Michael engineers their romance to the very end.The movie's climax comes when they finally arrive in Chicago and Michael breathes his last looking up at the Sears Tower. (Michael has a fascination for the biggest and tallest things in the world.) Michael wasn't dying; but he was exiting earth for his last time. Meanwhile, the angel expert is exposed as a spy for the manipulative editor, and she confesses that she was after Huey's job. In truth, she is a dog expert who was sent on the trip to befriend Sparky. Quinlan, who at one point was moving out of his cynicism, regresses and the story almost ends with the three traveling companions going their separate ways, knowing they had journeyed with an angel, but not understanding exactly what it meant.Finally, one night, Quinlan spots a figure that he thinks is Michael (who was lying about it being his last visit), and begins following him rapidly through the streets. He rounds one corner and careens into Dorothy, who apparently was following a Michael-clone herself. Their faith is restored, and their love blossoms once more. \"Marry me, Dorothy,\" says Quinlan. \"Yes,\" she replies. Then the scene freezes, and out pop Michael and Pansy Milbank -- we're left to ponder whether she became an angel when she died earlier, or that she was an angel all along -- and they dance through the frozen people until they merge with the light emanating from a car's headlights.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Where is a woman supposedly harboring an angel?", "id": "cc30c495513d446ebf19bcf34e3bc008", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the self-styled \"angel expert\"?", "id": "6a61cf4b6a8f4c288bf4621f87732370", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Michael residing?", "id": "c896c6e2bb6e4673a43407c1afa34057", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who owns Sparky the Wonder Dog?", "id": "3dba78b7382148618f1057abdd0a0e78", "answers": []}, {"question": "What characteristic does Michael have of an angel?", "id": "c972d5eef3904f0eb8790bf195288da6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Michael?", "id": "b5a712b734a14594a47017277a82fecc", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nUpon receiving a divorce in Reno, Helen Trent (C", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nUpon receiving a divorce in Reno, Helen Trent (Claire Trevor) plans to return to San Francisco and goes back to the boarding house where she is renting a room from Mrs. Kraft (Esther Howard) but discovers two dead bodies in the kitchen. Sam Wild (Lawrence Tierney) is the murderer and has committed the crime out of a jealous drive - one of the bodies was his girl friend Laury Palmer (Isabel Jewell) and the other a new man she was dating. Helen grabs her bags and heads for the train and coincidentally Sam does too pushed by his close friend Marty Waterman (Elisha Cook, Jr.) who stays in Reno to get details on the murder and agrees to meet Sam later. Coincidentally Sam and Helen meet on the train and are attracted to each other in part because in a casino earlier they had flirted across the Craps table. In San Francisco Helen parts with Sam but he crashes in on her and her fianc\u00e9e Fred Grover (Phillip Terry) and her half-sister Georgia Staples (Audrey Long) who has inherited a large newspaper company. Sam sees a good thing in Grace and successfully seduces her into marrying him partly for the power her money can bring him but also to sustain the attraction he has for Helen. Mrs. Kraft hires seedy private detective Matthew Arnett (Walter Slezak) to find out who killed her good friend Laury and the shamus arrives on the wedding day of Sam and Georgia. Helen manages to leak some information to Arnett but Sam discovers this as well and gets his buddy Marty to track down Mrs. Kraft to put an end to things. But this plan goes awry when Marty stops to try to get more information from Helen and Sam perceives it as a play for the woman. Sam reacts in a jealous pique and Helen realizes that he must be stopped and calls Arnett to bring the police with the information he has gathered from his investigation. Sam discovers Helen's communication with Arnett and pulls his gun just as the police arrive resulting in a climactic shootout.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the killer?", "id": "bc6a8374a3c84668b9da1cb34968d7ce", "answers": []}, {"question": "What profession does Walter Slezak play in the film?", "id": "94eaf8a06f4747189c5a37c82372c3c8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Helen Brent discover on the night of her divorce?", "id": "444cc312315b47e1945b3b077bcbef04", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Georgia's relationship to Helen?", "id": "8a7a2a965cad42cfbde57bdca2a67bbc", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film opens with Soichi Negishi (Kenichi Mats", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens with Soichi Negishi (Kenichi Matsuama) walking along side his mother to a small country train station. Negishi hopes to move to Japan, and realize his musical dreams, as a pop singer. As he rides away in the train, he sees his younger brother wave to him from a field.Now we are taken to a dark alleyway, where many alternative Japanese youths are entering a club called \"Hell's Gate.\" Inside we see a death metal band(in rather flamboyant attire, and black and white make-up) preforming for a large crowd. This band, is Detroit Metal City. The singer, is then revealed to be Negashi, and why crowd surfing he narrates of his dislike of what he has become.The opening credits roll.We now see Negashi removing his makeup with a rag, and talking a fellow band mate, which is his lazy, bloomer obsessed drummer Terumichi Nishida . He begs Nishida to return a video-game he had let him borrow, out of fear of him losing it. Now the band's bassist Masayuki Wada speaks to Negashi about how well he believed the show had done.The dressing room door bursts open, and with a wild laugh the President Of Death Records(who also seems to be the band's manager) enters, and tosses a cigarette into a ash tray that Wada held, but it simply bounced out and went out of frame. She told them of how well they did, but in remorse Negashi played for her a tape of the pop music he wishes to make. Displeased, she kicked him.Now with a swollen mouth, Negashi leaves the dressing room in his normal attire, and pushes his way through the crowd of oblivious screaming fans, hoping to get a look at the band. He is hit, and begins to bleed from the nose.\nAs he made his way up the stairs, he heard the fans talk of rumors they had heard about the lead singer Krauser, such as his ability to rape many women.Negashi is now on the street, and he is playing his pop music on an acoustic guitar, with people only stoping to glance at him, and then walk away. He stops playing and hears some pop music being played around the corner.\nAs he goes to investigate he sees that the lead singer of the band was an old college friend, and then that a woman standing near him was his college crush Yuri Aikawa.He reflects on the old days, of them all sitting around playing music together, and of his quote \"No music, No dream.\"He is soon at a record store, looking at the latest fashionable cd covers, when he sees Aikawa, and they began to chat, and make plans to meet later at a cafe. Then a blast of near-by music startles him, and he walks to the next isle to investigate. Several DMC fans had gathered to celebrate the release of a new single with head-banging, and loud music. Negashi dislikes the album cover, and complains about a quote that was in his name, that he never said. Aikawa then tells him of her distaste for metal, and how unfashionable she finds Detroit Metal City.Negashi is now in full attire with his band, doing an interview about the new single. His mind is off daydreaming about Aikawa when he realizes it is time for their date and he runs out of the interview to meet her. Negashi is now constantly going back and forth between the date, and the interview, each time forgetting to remove more and more of his DMC attire. With a feeling that negashi was going into the near-by club, she enters in hopes of finding him, but meets Krauser crowd surfing. Negashi in fear, tries to get the crowd to move him away from her, but the get him closer and closer, until he felt his wig began to slip off. The only thing he could do to cover himself, was to lift up her dress, showing her underwear. She calls him a pig, and walks out.Now Negashi is outside of a cafe, and is banging on the wall in ", "qas": [{"question": "Who disapproves of Negishi's cheesy pop songs?", "id": "05ac9639f2064566b754dcaa190c15da", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Negishi despise?", "id": "8cd23ef48e47497bb282140efe0479fa", "answers": []}, {"question": "What bands is Soichi Negishi in?", "id": "b53d898b8d3a49f3b57fe59d98d98a6a", "answers": []}, {"question": "who wants to play being ridiculed?", "id": "cf1fe18688144d58baf5d041415d385d", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is envious of the popularity DMC?", "id": "dd1be110562a45f7b298c9f37128f881", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is he in stage costume?", "id": "d0c5d0bf346c44d796abaad9f3d4f42d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is a musician?", "id": "501acab6a18e4fc28ef952a9fb93ea21", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Lindsay (Ashley C. Williams) and Jenny (Ashlynn Ye", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Lindsay (Ashley C. Williams) and Jenny (Ashlynn Yennie), two American tourists in Germany, are drugged and involuntarily detained by crazed surgeon Dr. Josef Heiter (Dieter Laser) when they seek help at his house after they get a flat tire. The women awake in a makeshift medical ward. They witness Heiter kill a kidnapped truck driver after Heiter informs him he is \"not a match\". Heiter secures a new male captive, Japanese tourist Katsuro (Akihiro Kitamura). The doctor explains that he is a world-renowned expert at separating Siamese twins, but dreams of making new creatures by sewing people together. He describes in detail how he will surgically connect his three victims mouth-to-anus, so that they share a single digestive system.\nAfter Lindsay tries to escape and fails, Heiter explains that he had previously experimented with creating what he called a \"three-dog\", also joined mouth-to-anus. However, the three-dog died shortly after surgery. Heiter tells Lindsay that one dog tried to escape and that dog became the middle, thus this caused the most pain to the dog and as punishment for her escape attempt, she will become the middle part of his centipede. Heiter performs the surgery, placing Katsuro at the front, Lindsay in the middle and Jenny at the rear. He removes the front teeth of both women and mutilates the buttocks of both Katsuro and Lindsay in order to provide easier access to the rectums, to which he hideously stitches and grafts their mouths. During his procedure, he severs the ligaments within his victims' knees to prevent leg extension, forcing his victims to crawl. He then connects his victims together in a straight line with their mouths surgically attached to the anus of the victim in front of them.\nOnce the operation is complete, Heiter attempts to train his centipede as a pet, often belittling Katsuro with racist insults and beating him with a crop when he becomes rebellious. When Katsuro defecates, Lindsay is forced to swallow his excrement while the doctor watches in delight. However, he eventually becomes irritated after being kept awake by the constant screaming of Katsuro (who, as the front part of the centipede, has his mouth free and is still able to speak) and the realization that Jenny is dying from septicemia. When two detectives, Kranz (Andreas Leupold) and Voller (Peter Blankenstein), visit the house to investigate the disappearance of tourists, Heiter comes up with an idea to add them as replacements for Jenny in a new creation; a four-segment centipede. He offers the two detectives water spiked with sedatives in hopes of knocking the two unconscious. After being given the water, the detectives become suspicious and obtain a search warrant for his home. While the detectives leave Heiter's home, the victims attempt to escape. Katsuro attacks Heiter in the process. Their attempt to escape ultimately fails. Katsuro confesses to the doctor that he deserves his fate because he had treated his own family poorly, then commits suicide by slitting his throat with a glass shard.\nUpon returning to Heiter's home, the detectives forcefully conduct separate searches as an injured Heiter hides near his swimming pool. Kranz finds the ward along with Heiter's victims. Voller begins to feel ill from the earlier drugging, and Heiter stabs him with the scalpel pulled from his leg during Katsuro's attack. Upon finding Voller dead, Kranz is shot by Heiter with Voller's sidearm. Kranz responds by shooting Heiter in the head before dying. Back in the house, Jenny and Lindsay hold hands as Jenny dies. Lindsay sobs as she is left alone in the house, trapped between her deceased fellow captives. Her fate is left unknown. The film ends with the sounds of her sobbing while the camera pans to the roof of the house.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the actor that plays Lindsay?", "id": "b807718d36e247ce9642576a9d699ed4", "answers": []}, {"question": "What country are Lindsay and Jenny visiting?", "id": "7ba1f601616c484a9f4643dd17c471c3", "answers": []}, {"question": "what type of poisoning is Jenny dying from?", "id": "9f1cb352cc534515b05d1f3f601b5674", "answers": []}, {"question": "How did Katsuro die ?", "id": "46dad72ee747429db860ab47dc6f7521", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the actor that plays Jenny?", "id": "29a818d35c254941a67ad6cfaf4c8497", "answers": []}, {"question": "Dr. Heiter  is a world-renowned expert at separating what?", "id": "a05f36ef56934cfbad4dc12543388dbb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Angels first take note of \"Poet\" (Jack Nichols", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Angels first take note of \"Poet\" (Jack Nicholson) after one of them inadvertently damages his motorcycle and breaks its headlight. Poet, with far more guts than brains, challenges the Angel that hit his motorcycle. This is an act that would traditionally result in every Angel present participating in a group beating of the attacker. \"When a non-Angel hits an Angel, all Angels retaliate.\" But the leader of the Angels, Buddy (Adam Roarke), intervenes and tells Poet that the Angels will replace the headlight. In the meantime, he's welcome to ride with them while they take care of business\u00e2\u0080\u0094which turns out to be going to a bar and beating up the members of another club who previously beat an Angel.\nPoet is told to wait outside, but ends up helping the Angels. Later that night, the Angels return the favor by hunting down and beating four sailors who beat Poet four-against-one after he parted company with the group. Poet accidentally bumps into one of the sailors and speaks rudely to him before he realizes that the sailor has three other sailors with him. The four sailors then refuse to accept his apology\u00e2\u0080\u0094but the Angels only know that four sailors beat up Poet, and he doesn't tell them how the earlier fight started. One of the sailors pulls a knife on the Angels and is then killed accidentally in the fight that follows.\nPoet is allowed to ride with the Angels and is eventually elevated to \"prospect\" status. He is attracted to Buddy's some-time girlfriend (Sabrina Scharf) who toys with him while remaining hopelessly committed to Buddy.\nMuch of the story that follows consists of scenes of the Angels partying or being provoked to violence by \"squares.\" Although the Angels are shown as being loud and generally irreverent, they are never shown starting trouble except when taking revenge on members of other motorcycle clubs.\nEventually, Buddy's girlfriend succeeds in provoking a confrontation between Buddy and Poet with only one surviving.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Which biker gang does Poet join?", "id": "f3aaf2ba634d447388bc04f1b34fdaf5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who loves the same woman as Poet?", "id": "2afc1912ae0a4f1aba7dd6edb1ad3748", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Ian Lafferty (Josh Zuckerman) is an 18-year-old re", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Ian Lafferty (Josh Zuckerman) is an 18-year-old recent high school graduate. He searches for a girl online making it seem as if he is attractive and strong, although he's sweet and unassuming. He soon meets \"Ms. Tasty\" (Katrina Bowden) and agrees to meet her in person. She lives in Knoxville, Tennessee, while he lives in Chicago, Illinois. With his best friends Lance Nesbitt (Clark Duke) and Felicia Alpine (Amanda Crew), he goes to Knoxville in a 1969 Pontiac GTO Judge borrowed without permission from Ian's arrogant homophobic older brother Rex (James Marsden).\nOn the way to Knoxville, they come across a hitchhiker (David Koechner), as the radiator in the Judge overheats. They attempt urinating in the radiator, which only works briefly as they try to leave the hitchhiker in the dust. The hitchhiker, frustrated at Ian's lack of concern for his well being, leaves, but not before urinating on the car window. As Ian and Felicia wander to find help, Lance is waiting with the car as Ezekiel (Seth Green) happens to pass by in his horse-drawn buggy. Ezekiel and his Amish buddies repair the car while they join a Rumspringa party where Fall Out Boy are playing a concert, and at which Lance meets an attractive Amish girl, Mary (Alice Greczyn). The three promise to come again on the way back to do some work in return for fixing the car.\nThey go to jail due to Ian throwing a tire iron into a state trooper car, due to his increasing frustration after trying to put a possum he hit out of its misery, and are released after Mary pays the bail. Upon arriving at Knoxville, they find a hotel that sports a wide variety of role playing rooms. Rex, who has discovered the Judge gone missing, arrives angrily and insists that they go back and that Ian cannot visit Ms. Tasty. After Ian pretends to be gay, Rex allows him to see Ms. Tasty, hoping this encounter will change Ian's mind. Ian finally meets Ms. Tasty. However, when he tells her about Felicia, her seduction for Ian to take off his clothes becomes a threat as her psychotic boyfriend Bobby Jo (Dave Sheridan) puts a gun to Ian's head. It becomes apparent that they work at a chop shop and attempt to steal the Judge.\nLance and Mary arrive after having sex, as well as a redneck named Rick (Michael Cudlitz) whose girlfriend Brandy (Andrea Anders) slept with Lance earlier. Felicia, however, is hiding in the car when Bobby Jo tries to steal it. Soon, a green car that has been continuously drag-racing with the Judge throughout the movie arrives. Ian manages to save Felicia, who then is able to run off and report to the police. Ms. Tasty tries to escape, but is stopped by the green car, whose drivers turn out to be Andy and Randy (Charlie McDermott and Mark L. Young), two dim-witted self-declared \"womanizers\" from Ian's school, who Ms. Tasty tried to manipulate into giving her the car. Bobby Jo is treated after being shot by Ian in self-defense. Felicia tells the police about the chop shop location and the couple is arrested.\nUpon finding out that if Mary leaves the Amish community, she will be shunned, Lance refuses to come back home and stays behind to marry Mary, while Ian and Felicia realize their love for each other. Ian and Felicia drive to a tree where Ian throws his shoes up into the tree. A few weeks later Ian is Felicia's date to her cousin's wedding. At Thanksgiving dinner, Rex tells his family that he's gay. On New Year's Eve Ian and Felicia finally have sex, in Ian's basement under a blanket on the sofa. In the final frame of the film, a picture is shown of Lance and Mary getting married, accompanied by Ian. Lance is shown sporting a beard exactly like Ezekiel's. During the credits, a short scene is shown of Ezekiel and Fall Out Boy arguing over the fact that the ", "qas": [{"question": "Who plays Bobby Jo?", "id": "a4f89a325cdc41d8abefb63b270235cb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Ian Lafferty?", "id": "8138d9fdd00d4086809d8976a44cc304", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who  is an 18-year-old recent high school graduate?", "id": "271a7336af344b0691915f5d110c33c4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Lance?", "id": "4f5ed83c44044fa4a17f271e3fbce45f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Ian shoot?", "id": "b5db1586bb20472a9768669fb284dcbf", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A cynical and gothic look at Hollywood during the ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A cynical and gothic look at Hollywood during the late 1930s, The Day of the Locust tells the tales of residents of the dilapidated San Bernardino Arms: Faye Greener, a trashy aspiring actress with limited talent, and her father Harry, a washed-up vaudevillian reduced to working as a door-to-door salesman; sexually repressed accountant Homer Simpson, who desperately loves Faye, and East Coast WASP Tod Hackett, an aspiring artist employed by the production department of a major studio, who also fancies Faye.\nThere are unusual and bizarrely disturbing images: a middle-aged man sits in an untended garden staring at a large lizard that stares back; a young woman is transported into the film she's watching and finds herself portraying a harem girl in old Baghdad; a dwarf tenderly caresses a rooster, bleeding and dazed from a cock-fight, and then tosses it back into the ring to its death; an androgynous child beckons to a man through a window and performs a grotesque imitation of Mae West.\nThese brief vignettes do little to advance the basic plot, but they serve to shape the audience's understanding of the era depicted as one of Hollywood sleaziness and wholesale alienation. Spectacle fills the screen\u00e2\u0080\u0094a set of the Waterloo battlefield collapses on the extras during the making of the film within the film. In the film's climax, an enraged Homer brutally tramples a child near Grauman's Chinese Theater as crowds gather for the premiere of a new film. Seeing this, the enraged crowd swarms over and kills Homer. Almost immediately, the entire crowd is driven to riot, turning on itself, smashing store windows, overturning cars, beating each other to death and turning the already packed street into a war zone. Severely injured, a delirious Tod imagines some of the mob taking on the appearance of the characters in his own grotesque painting The Burning of Los Angeles.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the young artist?", "id": "fa36ccab1bf148f9b9e68b2533227860", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Hackett visualize as his major work?", "id": "13abb8fcf2254d9eb58ff6d430551398", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the name of Hackett's major work?", "id": "efc3326f71b94a74a7d37bde3d5b314c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A motley crew of Australian militiamen or 'chocos'", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A motley crew of Australian militiamen or 'chocos' from the 39th Battalion are stationed in a New Guinea village just after the Japanese invasion. The 39th Battalion are the only troops available to hold off the Japanese advance until the AIF arrives to relieve them. The story centres on an infantry section of the 39th Battalion. The section with their platoon commander, an AIF lieutenant (Ben Barrack) who has served in North Africa, is on forward patrol when they are attacked by a Japanese force. The lieutenant is killed early in the battle and the section, led only by a recently promoted lance-corporal, Max (Simon Stone), decide to fall back. One of the men, L/Cpl Wilstead (Ewen Leslie), is bayoneted in the face by a Japanese soldier, and a Bren gunner called Blue (Christopher Baker) offers to stay and provide cover. However, the remaining men are cut off and surrounded in the dense jungle, with little hope of escaping. The Australians try to remain hidden until nightfall, when Darko (Travis McMahon) and Jack (Jack Finsterer) decide to go and find out where Blue is. They stumble across Blue, who is tied up and being tortured by Japanese soldiers. Darko and Jack look on helplessly as the Japanese soldiers bayonet him in the stomach and groin, and finally decapitate him with a sword. They return to their hiding place, shaken by what they have seen. The Japanese ambush the section and they run further into the jungle. Caught behind enemy lines in harsh terrain, Jack, to whom the others (including his brother, Max, have deferred) tries to maintain command of a small group of men. Suffering from malaria and dysentery, the remaining six men decide to make their way to Isurava, where the remainder of the 39th are fighting a desperate battle.\nOne of the soldiers, Sam (Steve Le Marquand), has been injured in the leg and orders the rest of the section to leave him behind. They refuse and he struggles along with a crutch. After a full day of walking, the men are exhausted. The next morning they awake to find Sam gone, having hidden himself in a hollow tree stump to avoid holding them up.\nThe men continue and are ambushed by a Japanese patrol. The Japanese are all killed, but Max is badly wounded by a gunshot to the stomach and is unable to walk. He is carried by all the men.\nThe section makes it to a New Guinea village that has been destroyed by the advancing Japanese, and the Australians decide to take refuge. They bury the dead New Guinea villagers and an argument arises between Jack and Darko, a tough soldier who carries the section's Bren gun, over Max. Darko wishes to leave him behind as he is slowing the section down and they are needed at Isurava. Jack, however, wants to stay with him. However, Max decides to stay and let the others go and Johnno (Tom Budge), who has severe dysentery, stays with him. The men agree, and Jack, Darko and Burke (Luke Ford), Darko's number two, head off to Isurava. The journey becomes treacherous and Burke's dysentery is getting worse.\nMeanwhile, at the village, a few Japanese arrive to search the village and in a desperate attempt to save the life of his mate, Johnno fires at the Japanese and runs into the jungle; however, he is tracked down and gunned down by the Japanese. A day or so later a New Guinea tribesman comes back to inspect the village and finds a badly wounded Max in the hut.\nAfter a gut-wrenching climb, Jack, Darko and Burke are found by the AIF, who take them to Isurava, where the situation is in dire straits. The AIF has arrived but they too are weak from the trek to Isurava. The 39th is no longer a fighting unit and almost all of the men are too sick or wounded to fight. The three men check themselves into a makeshift field hospital for treatment. However an AIF officer comes in and asks for any available men from the ", "qas": [{"question": "What is Johnno suffering from?", "id": "2cc971ad7fda430381287c14a7d459bf", "answers": []}, {"question": "What happened to Blue?", "id": "8e1681bbb31a4436bf9d520c14651787", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was lieutenant of the 39th Home Guard?", "id": "d5e2af8b88f549c69cf47612097e2363", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nOn an October morning in 1951, Norman Dale (Gene", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nOn an October morning in 1951, Norman Dale (Gene Hackman) drives through the Indiana countryside. In the afternoon he arrives in the small rural town of Hickory and enters the high school. He notices, on a shelf in the hall, basketball trophies won in previous years. As the bell rings to end the school day, he encounters teacher Myra Fleener (Barbara Hershey). She realizes that Norman must be the new basketball coach and teacher of history and civics. She directs him to the office of principal Cletus Summers (Sheb Wooley), where the two men recall how they met many years ago at Buffalo State Teachers College. They had lost touch until recently, when Cletus tracked down Norman and asked him to come coach at Hickory. When Norman thanks Cletus for the opportunity, Cletus interrupts and says, \"Your slate's clean here.\" They proceed to the gym, where student Jimmy Chitwood (Maris Valainis) is shooting baskets. Cletus introduces Norman, but Jimmy ignores the new coach and keeps shooting.That evening on his farm, Cletus explains to Norman that Jimmy has been strongly affected by the recent death of the previous coach, who was like a father to Jimmy. Now the young man has withdrawn from almost everything and everyone and has decided not to play basketball this season. Cletus adds that Jimmy is the best player he has ever seen. As they finish talking, Norman cryptically mentions that he hopes things will work out for him this time.That night, Norman meets some of the townsmen in the barbershop, who bombard him with questions. He tells them he last coached 12 years ago, in Ithaca, New York, and that he has been in the Navy for the past 10 years. The men voice their opinions on what Norman should do with the team. They all agree that Jimmy must rejoin the Huskers for them to have a winning season. Losing patience with all the questions and unwelcome advice, Norman cuts short the meet-and-greet and leaves.The next morning, before school begins, Myra tells Norman that Jimmy is her neighbor, and she has been looking out for him ever since his father died. She thinks it best that he stay off the team. After school, the Huskers are already practicing in the gym when Norman walks in. George Walker (Chelcie Ross), one of the townspeople Norman met in the barbershop, is leading the practice and assumes that Norman will continue allowing him to assist. When Norman brusquely makes it clear that he doesn't need any help, George storms off. As Norman gathers the seven Huskers and begins to introduce himself, Buddy (Brad Long) rudely whispers to his teammate Whit (Brad Boyle), who is standing next to him. Norman orders Buddy to leave, and Buddy convinces Whit to go with him. Jimmy is watching, unseen, at one of the far exits. Norman begins the practice and puts the Huskers through drills of passing, running in place, and dribbling while weaving between chairs; they never scrimmage. Norman explains, \"There's more to the game than shooting. There's fundamentals and defense.\" He also wants them to be in top physical condition because, if they continue to have only five players, substitutions and rest during games will be impossible. On the second day of practice, several townspeople walk in to observe; they've heard about Norman's unusual drills. Rollin Butcher (Robert Swan), Whit's father, brings in his son and has him apologize for walking out the day before. Rollin then tells the other men to leave, because the coach doesn't want them there.One day, as Cletus and Norman eat pie at the diner downtown, in comes Wilbur \"Shooter\" Flatch (Dennis Hopper), stumbling a bit and wearing a worn-out coat. Shooter, a former basketball player, describes for Norman how he almost led his team to victory in the 1933 sectional game of the tournament on a last-second shot. When Shooter asks Cletus in a low voice if he can borrow some spare change, Shooter's son, Everett (David Neidorf), who ", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the assistant who was helping Dale in coaching?", "id": "c47dc594a5384c4f97cfde01f083e447", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is to join him on the bench as a new assistant?", "id": "84f8872d5c1d42149c0eb8bd1196c1a6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the equipment manager in this movie?", "id": "0695e3f8dd8747f5862b4a08006a9d7e", "answers": []}, {"question": "In this movie, who was the first person to be dismissed by Dale's squad?", "id": "ae00f96895a44d408728d8f25081066c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is passionate about basketball?", "id": "9e09ffaed7c94f11b6be04d5c8c3f5ea", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did the balot count not go in favor for?", "id": "4ce851d6e97947848cd69221476af703", "answers": []}, {"question": "on which year did Norman Dale arrived in the rural southeast Indiana town of Hickory ?", "id": "5b1129c9a94c42c291312cfeb12f4a74", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the best player in the town?", "id": "a7beda0e90134ecc83c8802a907baf1e", "answers": []}, {"question": "who shocks the state by reaching the championship game in Indianapolis?", "id": "ba28a9e040e94234b8db421c70086453", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who proves Shooter's value to the townspeople by intentionally getting himself ejected from a game and forcing Shooter to show his coaching ability?", "id": "881ac3bf6174456cb9832184d5b53f0c", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many players are on Dale's squad in this movie?", "id": "9a51063b3eb24124945eca19886a3b84", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the team's name?", "id": "2db87927610848a9b70f329c04832bcb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nA personal journey into the heart of the Killing", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nA personal journey into the heart of the Killing FieldsOne of the most harrowing and compelling personal documentaries of our time, ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE exposes for the first time the truth about the Killing Fields and the Khmer Rouge who were behind Cambodias horrific genocide. More than simply an inquiry into Cambodias experience, however, ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE is a profound meditation on the nature of good and evil, shedding light on the capacity of some people to do terrible things and for others to forgive them.Winner of a dozen top documentary festival awards, including a Special Jury Prize at Sundance and the Grand Jury Award at the Full Frame Documentary Festival, this is a riveting film that takes audiences as close to witnessing evil as they are ever likely to get. It is also a personal journey into the heart of darkness by journalist/filmmaker Thet Sambath, whose family was wiped out in the Killing Fields, but whose patience and discipline elicits unprecedented on-camera confessions from perpetrators at all levels of the Khmer Rouge hierarchy. This is investigative journalism of the highest order.In 1974, Thet Sambaths father became one of the nearly two million people who were murdered by the Khmer Rouge when he refused to give them his buffalo. Sambaths mother was forced to marry a Khmer Rouge militiaman and died in childbirth in 1976, while his eldest brother disappeared in 1977. Sambath himself escaped Cambodia at age 10 when the Khmer Rouge fell in 1979.Fast forward to 1998, and Sambath, now a journalist, got to know the children of some senior Khmer Rouge cadre and gradually earned their trust. Then, for a decade, he spent weekends visiting the home of the most senior surviving leader, Nuon Chea, aka Brother Number Two under Pol Pot. But he never used to say anything different from what he told Western journalists, says Sambath, I was low-ranking, I knew nothing, I am not a killer. Then one day he said to me Sambath, I trust you, you are the person I would like to tell my story to. Ask me what you want to know. For the next five years he told me the truth, as he saw it, including all the details of killing.Sambath also won the confidence of lower-level Khmer Rouge soldiers, now ordinary fathers and grandfathers, who demonstrated to him how they slit peoples throats. For these murderers, it was the first time they admitted what they had done. He taped their interactions and discussions about the killings, and together with British documentarian Rob Lemkin they created this landmark film.For Sambath, it has been an ongoing, lifelong personal journey to discover what was behind such horror; he neglected both his family and his own happiness in the search for truth with hope of reconciliation. ENEMIES OF THE PEOPLE is at once a cinematically beautiful, chillingly insightful, and deeply personal piece of documentary filmmaking.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Khoun and Suon take who to the scene of the massacre?", "id": "0b5ffd7f27554ddf89f8c4a8282ecf35", "answers": []}, {"question": "What regime was Nuon Chea unwilling to talk about in regards to his political career?", "id": "c60fc00164ed4d50a6e51b9d46ddbdfb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who interviewed Nuon Chea?", "id": "18c4ab429f8748f6883b864124c44e48", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many Cambodians died during the rule of Khmer Rouge?", "id": "5fd2940245374a3c8f707ac3ceac2bc8", "answers": []}, {"question": "How man Khmer Rouge perpetrators does the film focus on?", "id": "2f0888dd367b4e99b260d5bac0fd859c", "answers": []}, {"question": "What year does Thet Sambath seek confessions and explanations?", "id": "fecabaf3168a4a028c248d36637dd045", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nDoug (Barry Sullivan) and Helen Stilwin (Barbara", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nDoug (Barry Sullivan) and Helen Stilwin (Barbara Stanwyck) head off for a fishing vacation with their son Bobby (Lee Aker). Doug wants to return to beach he visited years before. The family is towing a small trailer with camping gear so they can fish and camp on the isolated beach south of Escondido in Mexico.As they leave drive, they get farther away from towns, services, and civilizations. When they need water for the cars radiator, they can only find a deserted service station. They leave the main road and encounter a police block. After a quick scan of the car, the Mexican authorities let them proceed, with no explanation for why they were stopped. When Helen asks Doug why he didn't push for an explanation, he tells her he didn't want them to look too closely at the car. He didn't want to explain why he was carrying his army pistol. Helen puts the gun in the glove box and they proceed.When they arrive at the beach, it is indeed isolated. An old, rotting jetty emerges far out into the water. As Doug and Helen are getting settled in and relaxing, Bobby climbs out to the jetty's end. Helen is worried the jetty is not safe and frantically calls Bobby back. As he return, his foot slips and is caught between two planks. Doug goes out to free him. As they are walking back over the precarious timbers, a large wave combined with Doug's weight causes the jetty to fall. Doug is trapped on the beach, his foot stuck under a timber too large to move.Helen tries to dig Doug out with a shovel, but the beach is solid rock. She retrieves the car jack and nearly has the large timber raised when the pin in the jack breaks. Doug and Helen decide that with a sturdy rope, she can pull the timber with the car. Helen will have to drive back to the deserted service station to find a rope. They estimate that Helen should have four hours before the rising tide covers Doug completely, threatening to drown him. Bobby stays with Doug and makes him a cup of coffee. Bobby tries unsuccessfully to wave down a fishing boat. When all hope is nearly gone, Doug and Bobby have a serious father and son talk about what should happen if Helen does not return in time.Helen races down the road. When she encounters a Mexican family, she pleads for help or a rope, but they do not understand her poor attempt at Spanish until she is gone. She reaches the service station and breaks into the building and retrieves a rope. As she returns to the car, she is relieved to see Lawson (Ralph Meeker), an American man, suddenly standing by her car. She quickly enlists his help and they head for the beach to save her husband. As they pull away with Lawson in the drivers seat, the camera shows a dead man lying in the bushes.Lawson soon reveals that he has no intention of helping her husband. He is running from the police. He finds the gun in the glove compartment and holds the gun on her while they pass the police. While he is speeding down the rough roads, they have a flat tire. Lawson is unable to find the jack, but manages to drive the car up onto a ramp made of abandoned boards. After he changes the tire, Helen tries to hit him with a tire iron, but he is able to fight her off. He escapes capture again, but this time has to fire the gun at a police car pursuing him. Realizing that she cannot overpower Lawson, Helen begins to bargain with him. Helen promises Lawson her husband's clothes, his identification card, and the car if only Lawson will help free her husband. Finally, she offers him what he really wants: she will go with him after they free his husband. Traveling as couple and with her husband's identification, they will more easily get by the police. She will do anything to save her husband's life.Once they arrive at the beach, the situation is dire. The rising tide ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the man Helen comes across?", "id": "eca987d1fd754fc8a805f759e530ba96", "answers": []}, {"question": "What do Lawson and Helen share ?", "id": "be831025952741faa07d48e386adb742", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays the role 'Bobby'?", "id": "7b52ecadac6d4ed8857a685ffeef51d9", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Lawson latch the falling pine to?", "id": "e04e2094145d45d29fd57eb89ba4261a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the son of Doug and Helen Stilwin?", "id": "c20108282f64464587282f2a45f88c92", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The neighborhood \"La Estrella\" is a little and poo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The neighborhood \"La Estrella\" is a little and poor neighborhood in the south of Bogot\u00c3\u00a1 mostly inhabited by people displaced by violence, by years are awaiting all the public service but above all the electric light. The day of his arrival, despite the negativism of many, the electricity comes and is greeted with jubilation around the neighborhood. The district is grateful to the two most important families, the Brochero and Cristancho.\nThe next day, despite the fact that electricity was not yet installed in homes, Cayetano Brochero propose steal electricity directly from the posts along with his best friend Miguel Cristancho and the whole neighborhood. Kennedy Corzo, the mayor of the neighborhood knows the consequences of pirating electricity and vainly tries to convince all the people that such action could lead to jail.\nThe trouble starts when a dangerously cable passes through the Cristancho's clothesline of just when Consuelo Cristancho when go to hanging clothes and the cable from the house of his neighbor and best friend's the Brochero family. Consuelo asks her husband Miguel to tell Cayetano to remove the cable, but after a football game and a binge of both, Cayetano forget to remove the cable. At night when Cayetano and his son Edson saw a football game in TV, Consuelo scolds Miguel to remind Cayetano and after a while seeing as Consuelo talking to another neighbor, feels challenged with a test of manhood and for that cuts cable of Brochero. The next day Brochero collect even angry questioning who had won the game last night and Miguel apologizes and admits to having cut the cable, but as a \"joke.\" Even angry, Cayetano seeks a toy rat, belonging to his cat \"Tapete\" and puts it into the \"changua\" traditional Colombian soup that gave Cristacho daily for breakfast in the neighborhood, when Corzo and attorney Maria Angelica went to the place to tell the consequences of pirating electricity, finds the rat is what makes the other diners to flee the restaurant soup spitting and going to the pharmacy of Cayetano believing the toy was a real rat and the soup was tainted. That same day, Edson Brochero had his confirmation ceremony in the neighborhood chapel and prepare for it unless Johana Cristancho, his loved neighbor who had to sing at the ceremony because his mother forbids her to go. Kennedy speaks with Cayetano and Miguel and both lead him to believe that their friendship is unbreakable, but later held a reception to celebrate the confirmation but come Consuelo and her daughter Johana, then Consuelo drunks Albino, a homeless neighbor and ruining the cake made in honor of Edson, causing the wrath of Brochero. Albino next day he apologizes and fights with neighbors who tease him and then illegally Consuelo gets the row that they made all the neighbors for water service and cause another fight, Albino casually spoils the car with groceries and Kennedy vainly tries to calm the fight.\nOn the other hand Edson meets Johana and the young man proposes to convince their parents to stop the fight they have, Johana says that his mother would make peace with them if Brochero knees apologizing. Both reach a small hill where they declare their love secret and at night besides the bride and groom declare they make love, unaware that his parents that his fight with the neighborhood divided between those who supported the Brochero and those who supported the Cristancho prepare for an attack on another family. Cristancho hang the cat from the Brochero and those with molotov cocktails retaliatory fire to the house Cristancho. Kennedy calls the fire presence calm down but after accomplishing nothing goes to calm the fight for bad manners and meets Edson and Johana who they had seen the fire and Edson advantage that most of the neighborhood was confesses to having had sex with Johana just to humillates Cristancho, angry Miguel challenges Cayetano and his people to a fight to death. All present with the exception of Johana, his little brother and her grandfather are in the field of the neighborhood with weapons to kill each other, Kennedy unsuccessfully with a gun makes them think of intolerance generated by the arrival of electricity and when both sides start a fight to death, not wanting to shoot at Kennedy make the electricity pole which falls to the ground in the rain and everyone is electrocuted. The next morning, the power ", "qas": [{"question": "In how many parts the district is divided?", "id": "41df75459be34e7a903026885b12ea1a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does the whole neighborhood steals energy from to their homes?", "id": "232ad2d92e23440096c79c660f4f3a80", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nA large group of college students are at a bonfi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nA large group of college students are at a bonfire for the New Year's Eve celebration. All of the pledges are wearing beanies, and one nerd-ish pledge named Kenny (Derek McKinnon) is sent by the fraternity president Doc (Hart Bochner) and his friends up to a room in the frat house where a sorority sister named Alana (Jamie Lee Curtis) is waiting in the doorway. Alana walks inside the bedroom and stands behind the canopy in the dark room. Kenny undressed, sits in bed, and realizes that he is sitting beside a bloated and rotting corpse. Kenny screams in terror and he stands up on the bed and is caught up in the canopy. Alana seems repulsed as Doc and a group of other students rush in and laugh at Kenny.Three years later. A large group of college kids are exiting a bus at a train station. They have a toast celebrating four great years at college as they prepare to board a charted old train for a New Year's Eve costume party. Carne (Ben Johnson), the lead conductor, has the students board the train while he organizes the route with the dispatcher. Carne helps a magician (David Copperfield) and his assistant carry their luggage on board, as a three-person band board the train for the excursion.Nearby, Ed (Howard Busgang) a prankster student and one of the ones involved in the prank against Kenny, walks around with a sword through his stomach. The other students laugh and think its another one of his practical jokes, but he falls down after the people walk away and board the train. An unseen person takes Ed's Groucho Marx costume and rolls his dead body under the train tracks. The train leaves and the lights at the deserted station are turned off. The killer is wearing Ed's costume as he moves around the train.Meanwhile, Mitchy (Sandee Currie) another one of the students involved in the prank against Kenny, is talking to Alana who is graduating early and hopes they will keep in touch.In the back of the train, the magician is talking to his blond assistant about the rowdy college kids and complaining about having to perform his illusions in front of them.In the lounge car, Doc is celebrating with his fellow frat brothers when one of them asks about the now abolished \"hog night\" and he mentions that something bad happened. Alana enters and tells them that they \"put a kid in the hospital\" who had a nervous breakdown due to Doc's prank three years ago. Alana then goes to her boyfriend Mo, also involved in the prank against Kenny, where they retire for some alone time.A little later, Mitchy sees 'Ed' and he follows her towards the sleeping berths. He nearly grabs her when Jackson, another of the students involved in the prank against Kenny, appears. Jackson is very inebriated and he offers 'Ed' a drink. In the nearby lavatory, the killer grabs Jackson, lifts up his mask for a second to let him see his face, and slams Jackson's head into the mirror. The killer then changes out of his Groucho Marx costume and leaves the lavatory.Meanwhile, Alana becomes angry when learning that the train party was Doc's idea after Mo told her that it was his. Two of the sorority sisters, Pet and Merry, show up where Pet thinks that her boyfriend, Ed, missed the train, and Alana argues with Mo about learning that Doc had set him up again. Carne, the conductor, shows Doc and Mitchy a car trick he learned form the magician (it is only a gag), and the couple waits for the occupied bathroom. After a few minutes, they leave to find another one.Later, the magician performs his show before the students and afterwards, the rock band appears to play. Alana talks with the geekish class president (who was a pledge in the opening scene). Meanwhile, Doc asks Mo where Jackson and Ed are. Mo does not know and when he asks where did he find the magician, Doc says that he did not hire a magician for the party and wonders ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the killer?", "id": "470791dcd9414f6e82679d131a611c11", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the party being held for?", "id": "962caa2991974a60842398451c599331", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the masked killer revealed to be?", "id": "63f4804e6d034e828d0d63e0ae246630", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who beats Kenny with a fireman's shovel?", "id": "587d971b66c747c5a489366d4d6eb851", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who discover the bodies?", "id": "2adf4fffa99944e98d3c440994143ee3", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This article's plot summary may be too long or exc", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This article's plot summary may be too long or excessively detailed. Please help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more concise. (March 2010) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)\nOn March 17, 994 A.D., The Leprechaun is a thousand years old. Since that is his birthday, he can choose any woman to be his bride. He picks a young girl of the O'Day family. The Leprechaun describes the girl he has chosen to O'Day, but when O'Day sees that the girl is in fact his daughter, he intervenes with \"God bless you, my child\" therefore denying the Leprechaun his bride, as the creature can marry any girl who sneezes three times, provided no one says \"God bless you.\" The Leprechaun captures, tortures and tells O'Day that he will marry his descendant in a thousand years time on St Patrick's Day, before he kills O'Day, whose corpse is then discovered by his daughter.\nOne thousand years later, St Patrick's Day 1994, in modern-day Los Angeles, the Leprechaun has found a petulant sixteen-year-old girl named Bridget Callum, a descendant of the O'Day bloodline, who has got into a fight with her boyfriend, Cody Ingalls. Cody, whose legal guardian is his uncle, Morty, frequently has to break their dates in order to support Morty, an alcoholic scam artist. The Leprechaun steals some whiskey and a gold tooth from a homeless man and a gold ring off the finger of Tim Streer, a talent agent, who believes that the little man is some kind of performer. After all of this, he follows Bridget to her house, where a boy named Ian attempts to persuade her into letting him in; she refuses with a swift elbow to his ribs.\nThe Leprechaun then creates an illusion that fools Ian into believing that Bridget is asking him to kiss her big breasts, while in actuality, they are a pair of lawnmower blades that start up after Ian shoves his face into them. Shortly afterwards, Cody knocks on the door and apologizes, offering flowers, which causes Bridget to sneeze all over his shirt. The third time she sneezes, Cody begins to say \"God bless you,\" but is unable to complete the blessing when the Leprechaun attempts to strangle him with a telephone cord. After a struggle, the Leprechaun grabs Bridget and disappears, losing one of his gold coins, which Cody soon finds.\nThe police soon arrive, find Bridget missing, Ian dead, and a note from Cody at the scene, leading them to get an arrest warrant out for him. Cody returns to Morty's house and tells him what happened; Morty says he's crazy until the Leprechaun breaks into the house and they barely escape.\nMorty and Cody then go to a bar, which is filled with little people dressed as leprechauns, celebrating St. Patrick's Day. While there, Cody is given a piece of chocolate in a gold wrapper by one of the bar's patrons (Tony Cox). The Leprechaun appears and Morty challenges him to a drinking contest in honor of his wedding. While the Leprechaun downs whiskey, Morty is actually drinking soda and water. The Leprechaun eventually becomes extremely drunk, so much to the point he can barely speak properly or use his magic. He distracts Morty and Cody by turning on a jukebox with his powers, leading him to bash Morty in the head with a bottle to get away.\nHe goes to a coffee shop, where he sobers up, and takes the time to murder a waiter (Michael McDonald) who was making jokes about his size and speech. Upon being asked for payment for the coffee, the leprechaun thinks the waiter wants to take his gold and kills him. Meanwhile, Cody and Morty break into the go-kart racetrack that Ian worked at since the office contains a huge safe on wheels made of wrought iron, the only thing that can harm the Leprechaun. Cody traps the Leprechaun inside, but Morty takes advantage of the opportunity to claim three wishes and locks Cody in a store room. His first is for the Leprechaun's pot of ", "qas": [{"question": "What can the Leprechaun choose on his birthday?", "id": "5d29cae16bdd46b892986e9a3863f4dc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Cody find  that Bridgette actually is?", "id": "c7c78f6e38ba41b6bccd35c4cc88c6bd", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who breaks out of the stors room?", "id": "80752cd5cab6420195f80ac84070750b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the only thing that can kill the Leprechaun?", "id": "5c3076ebf23a4953ab579777276a9ce9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nRose Elliot (Irene Miracle), a poet living alone", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nRose Elliot (Irene Miracle), a poet living alone in New York City, discovers an ancient book called The Three Mothers. It tells of the existence of three evil sisters who rule the world with sorrow, tears, and darkness. The book, written by an architect named Varelli, reveals that the three dwell inside separate homes that had been specially designed and built for them by the architect in Rome, Freiburg, and New York. Rose suspects that she is living in one of the buildings and writes to her brother Mark (Leigh McCloskey), a music student in Rome, urging him to visit her. Using clues provided in Varelli's book as a guide, Rose searches the cellar of her building and discovers a hole in the floor which leads to a water-filled ballroom. After accidentally dropping her keys into the water, she enters the flooded room. Swimming under the surface, she sees a portrait bearing the words \"Mater Tenebrarum\" and is able to reclaim the keys. A putrid corpse suddenly rises from the depths, frightening her. She escapes, although a shadowy figure watches her leave the basement.In Rome, Mark attempts to read Rose's letter during class. He is distracted by the intense gaze of a beautiful student (Ania Pieroni). When the class ends she leaves suddenly; Mark follows, leaving the letter behind. His friend Sara (Eleonora Giorgi) picks up the letter, and eventually reads it. Horrified by the letter's contents, she takes a taxi to a library and locates a copy of The Three Mothers. While looking for an exit, Sara is attacked by a monstrous figure who recognizes the book. She throws the book to the ground and escapes. Later that night, she seeks the company of a neighbor named Carlo (Gabriele Lavia) and both are stabbed to death by a gloved killer. Mark discovers the bodies and two torn fragments from Rose's letter. After the police arrive, he walks out of Sara's apartment and sees a taxi slowly driving by. In it is the music student, staring at him intently once again.Mark telephones Rose but is unable to hear her clearly. He promises to visit just before the connection fails. Cut off, Rose sees two shadowy figures preparing to enter her apartment. She leaves through a back door, but is followed. In a decrepit room, she is grabbed from behind by a clawed assailant and brutally murdered.Upon arriving in New York, Mark meets some of the residents of Rose's building, including a nurse (Veronica Lazar) who is caring for the elderly Professor Arnold (Feodor Chaliapin, Jr.), a wheelchair-bound mute. Mark learns from the sickly Countess Elise (Daria Nicolodi) that Rose has disappeared. Elise explains how Rose had been acting strangely. After the two find blood on the carpet outside Rose's room, Mark follows the stains. He suddenly becomes ill and falls unconscious. Elise sees a black-robed figure dragging Mark away, but the figure suddenly stops and gives chase to Elise. She is attacked by dozens of cats, who bite and claw at her flesh. The hooded figure then stabs her to death. Mark staggers to the house's foyer where the nurse and caretaker (Alida Valli) put him to bed.The next day, Mark asks Kazanian (Sacha Pito\u00ebff), the antique dealer who sold Rose the Three Mothers book, about Rose. However, the man provides no information. That night, Kazanian drowns several cats in a Central Park pond and accidentally falls into the water. Hundreds of rats from a nearby drain crawl all over him, gnawing his flesh. A hot dog vendor hears Kazanian's cries and rushes over. The man kills Kazanian with a knife.Carol, the caretaker, discovers the horribly mutilated corpse of Elise's butler (Leopoldo Mastelloni) in the Countess' apartment. Shocked, she drops a lit candle which starts a fire. Attempting to put out the flames, she becomes entangled in burning draperies and falls from a window to her death.Meanwhile, Mark uses a clue from Rose's letter to discover that beneath each floor is a secret ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Rose grabbed by?", "id": "1845798b089d4016abab331e9d298d8b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Mark reading a letter from in class?", "id": "7f3d419418784974b26bcda9b49ebd65", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many evil sisters rule the world?", "id": "fc1a5210cc6c45b4b5a9425bdce57e17", "answers": []}, {"question": "What attacks Sara?", "id": "ffd3fecb6c194f6d91bc1563f37abe39", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did Mark arrive?", "id": "98f65f553cdd4578871afb79030de934", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Mark follow?", "id": "27eb1a6abda54edd8856bdb87175c52b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who starts the fire?", "id": "269f28ecf15c4c34b81ca2e39e953fa0", "answers": []}, {"question": "What book does Sara find a copy of in the library?", "id": "3f9446e791414986be25a3d81008b0fd", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Rose's brother?", "id": "61fb7db4ee1647a4aeb8399cb6272e38", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whose corpse is found in the Countess' apartment?", "id": "27e55acf9c744b93ba5c6739a297b8c2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What actress plays Sara", "id": "a5e21c71c5b84f668c325c994b395afa", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the architect's name?", "id": "237b5440ad674ef38677562497e5c1ff", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who disovered the corpse of Else's butler?", "id": "a453fa587cd5414db9a1181243de2791", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is found with rabid cats and is stabbed to death?", "id": "dc7a5ca0d8f14530b39771f08d7a3c71", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Rose live?", "id": "a73b329b616a48b28a5633c8401f5d2f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays the nurse?", "id": "b3931016463c4d3292f7f5958b0b3401", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was found on the carpet outside Rose's room?", "id": "b356a29632134e9bbe74ae698ea3baba", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Rose Elliot?", "id": "50334cc92b21477f919f1818e3c709dc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Rose Elliot live?", "id": "a6ecceb9ddf34e7ab0036e3a2e96f20a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does the nurse take care of?", "id": "e3c68c7be3f14a9ba0dd370615d7aca9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whose letter does Mark try to read?", "id": "5fa3086d461b484eb1280aaeb26fb267", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was on the carpet outside of Rose's room?", "id": "64f37c5e504147b08142d8851d19db20", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Mark telephone?", "id": "96e6c0683b08470f9c5315f244ac3219", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who becomes ill and falls unconscious?", "id": "0aa086e84559459490cdd2f7d2dd6c7b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Mark see with Carlos and Sara's bodies?", "id": "38b080deb6694bb3a7b83e6200da5256", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was Carol attempting to do when she fell to her death?", "id": "ca6a9965283d4b49aa0998ec121c8003", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the ancient book?", "id": "ca381ef0b1a240288f16f9f2c5dcb81e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What book does Sara find at the library?", "id": "7a3b9c87d85e4a52b072df5f9b4581f5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do the nurse and caretaker put Mark?", "id": "8d9a6d91acfe4a1da4449dfbc8302667", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the caretaker?", "id": "74019570d0f5414ea60b22456f87f4ab", "answers": []}, {"question": "What rises from the depths and frightens Rose?", "id": "ffa16d97112c4f778fcc5f2b06d60247", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who wrote The Three Mothers?", "id": "f77556d11fdb45858094aedac9918025", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When once-wealthy string magnate Rudolf Smuntz (Wi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When once-wealthy string magnate Rudolf Smuntz (William Hickey) dies, he leaves his outdated string factory and a run-down mansion to his two sons, Lars (Lee Evans) and Ernie (Nathan Lane). When Lars refuses a proposal by representatives from the large Zeppco conglomerate to purchase their string factory, his wife April (Vicki Lewis) throws him out. Meanwhile, Ernie serves Mayor McKrinkle (Cliff Emmich) at his restaurant in anticipation of becoming a famous chef for serving such a high-profile guest. However, the mayor is poisoned by a cockroach (which came from Rudolf's old box of Cuban cigars that Ernie took for himself) and suffers two heart attacks, with the latter fatal. As a result, Ernie's restaurant is closed down by the Board of Health.\nFinding blueprints of the mansion that they decide to live in, Ernie and Lars discover that it is a lost masterpiece designed by famous architect Charles Lyle LaRue. LaRue collector Alexander Falko (Maury Chaykin) makes a proposal, but Ernie refuses under the belief they can make a larger profit by restoration and auction. However, the brothers have already realized that the house has one stubborn occupant: a tiny and treacherous mouse. When a single mousetrap proved to be useless against the mouse, Ernie and Lars cover the entire kitchen floor with a number of mousetraps, but end up trapped in the kitchen when the door is locked. The mouse slips through the maze of traps with ease and drops a cherry, setting off the mousetraps in a dominoes effect. The brothers attempt to kill the mouse with a vacuum cleaner, but are covered with sewage.\nThe brothers purchase a monstrous cat named \"Catzilla\" to deal with the mouse. Catzilla chases the mouse throughout the house while destroying everything, but gets tricked onto the house's dumbwaiter as the mouse sends him on a one-way trip down to his demise. They then hire an eccentric exterminator named Caesar (Christopher Walken) to handle the mouse, though he is severely injured and hospitalized. Later, Ernie chases the mouse up a chimney and gets stuck, and Lars attempts to light a match while the mouse starts a gas leak, creating an explosion that blasts Ernie out of the chimney and into the lake. Ernie takes a shotgun to fire at the mouse, accidentally shooting a compressed can of pesticide that Caesar left behind, making a large hole. After the two recover, Lars throws an orange at Ernie, but accidentally knocks the mouse unconscious. Unable to finish him off, they instead seal the mouse in a box and mail him to Fidel Castro in Cuba. The brothers reconcile again and finish renovating the house.\nWhen the night of the auction arrives, Lars discovers the mouse's box in the snow returned due to insufficient postage and with a big hole gnawed through it. Lars and Ernie panic upon seeing the mouse return, but attempt to maintain their composure as the auction continues. The mouse also devours Rudolf's \"lucky string,\" which he gave to the brothers before his death, making their vendetta even more personal. The brothers desperately attempt to flush out the mouse by feeding a hose into the wall. As the auction reaches a record $25 million bid, the house rapidly floods through the walls and the floors, causing everyone to be washed out of the house as it promptly collapses. The brothers' only consolation is the fact that the mouse must finally be dead as their father's \"lucky string\" is found in the wreckage.\nWith nowhere else to go, the brothers return to the factory and fall asleep, with only a single chunk of cheese for food. Having followed them, the mouse restarts and feeds the cheese into the machinery inventing the world's first string cheese, which inspires Ernie and Lars. Ernie and Lars end their war with the mouse and have successfully rebuilt the factory as a novelty string cheese company. Lars has begun a relationship with one of the two sisters Hilde, and Ernie puts his culinary skill to work in developing new cheese flavors with the mouse as his personal taste-tester.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What happens finally?", "id": "ed3a2bcaa2564867bd7eb0eb44b406b5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has owns a  famous restaurant?", "id": "b9e1d31efc9f47a3ac3e6ce9d919023c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Ernie accidentally kill?", "id": "ee6ccea56d2b4ae6bb5846b360ec9efb", "answers": []}, {"question": "who accidentally kills the mayor?", "id": "4a1bb4decdea4a50bf5e030f959e3ed9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Rudolph Smuntz the father of?", "id": "d8b955b10b264f1286c32c570262d795", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film tells the story of a psychiatrist, Dr. Cr", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film tells the story of a psychiatrist, Dr. Cross (Vincent Price), who is treating a young woman, Janet Stewart (Anabel Shaw), who is in a coma-state, brought on when she heard loud arguing, went to her window and saw a man strike his wife with a candlestick and kill her. It also stars Lynn Bari as Dr. Cross's nurse/lover, Elaine Jordan.\nAs Stewart comes out of her shock, she recognizes Dr. Cross as the killer. He then takes her to his sanitarium and at Elaine's urging, gives Janet an overdose of insulin under the pretense of administering insulin shock therapy. He can't bring himself to murder her in cold blood, though, and asks Elaine to get the medicine to save her. Elaine refuses, they argue, and he strangles her. A colleague of Dr. Cross, Dr. Harvey, saves Janet's life and Dr. Cross is taken into custody by a lawyer from the District Attorney's office.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who overdoses on insulin?", "id": "c852bfe75a394431a376a379c4bc337f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the killer?", "id": "2229c28c090e42d0aaa62e86c7ea9f6e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What weapon was used to kill the man's wife?", "id": "4c3e020564314ffd893b2db320ec0216", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Elaine Jordan's profession?", "id": "03b038102c6f4c6baafd28749a140145", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe figure of a limp woman with long curly hair ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe figure of a limp woman with long curly hair is seen drifting underwater, and a voiceover questions the end of a life that never truly existed. This life ended in murder, the victim herself unsure of who her killer was and why she was killed. Her death was only metaphorical, for in her place a new life begins.The story starts with Patience Phillips (Halle Berry), a timid woman who can't stand up for herself. She lets people walk all over her, and has wasted her artistic talent working for a cosmetic company as a graphic designer. George Hedare (Lambert Wilson) runs the company with his supermodel wife, Laurel (Sharon Stone). Laurel knows that Patience is capable, but seems mostly indifferent, only using her in own power struggles with her husband. George, an abusive boss in general, finds plenty of opportunity to mock Laurel.The company is about to launch BeauLine, a new anti-aging product that Laurel had secretly been using for years. The advertisement is designed by Patience but George, unsatisfied, demands that she redesigns it. Upset and frustrated, Patience returns home and sees a cat looking up at her. Shaking her head, she goes to sleep, but her loud neighbours keeps her up and she is unable to rest. Next morning, the cat is on her window ledge. When she approaches, she realizes the cat has climbed up to a higher ledge and was potentially stuck. To try and reach the cat, Patience climbs out her window ledge, and a passing detective mistakens her intentions as suicidal. He ends up rushing into her apartment and pulling her back in. Patience would have thanked him but realizes she is late for work, in her hurry to leave she drops her wallet. The detective, Tom Lone (Benjamin Bratt), tracks her down to her workplace and returns it to her, and both agree to a coffee date.Later that night, Patience goes to the production factory to deliver her artwork, and she accidentally hears that the BeauLine has unsafe health problems. Stunned, she backs into several tools, revealling her presence. Two men chase her into a large waste water pipe, where she is trapped, and they flush her into the river, where she drowns. The cat that has been appearing in front of Patience appears by her body and gathers several other cats around her.Patience eventually drags herself unsteadily up and returns home. Her movements are off and uncontrollable, and she ends up breaking the glass through her own window. When her neighbours start their usual loud party again, she yells at them to quiet but they again ignore her. The old Patience would have backed down, but now she strodes down, knocks on their door, and promptly beats up the host and destroys the music equipment in front of many shocked guests. When she wakes up the next morning, she almost dismisses everything as a dream until she sees the broken glass. Unfortunately, her memories of what happened before that are blank, and so she cluelessly returns back to work.At work, George loudly yells at Patience in front of all her coworkers for not handling in her project. She tunes him out, which angers him further, and when she apologizes he only continues. Patience than apologizes for wasting her time in the company, and is fired, but as soon as George leaves her colleagues swarm around her in congratulations. Patience packs up her things and while she and her friends are walking home, two dogs instantly begin barking at her and she instinctively hisses at them. When questioned, she explains her behaviour as allergies. When they pass by a jewelry store, Patience's attention is caught by a beautiful collar-like necklace, but is reminded of her new unemployed status and leaves longingly. Once home, she sees the same cat again, and finally close enough she was able to find the address on the cat's owner.The cat belonged to an older woman named Ophelia, a former professor who lived alone in a house full of cats.\nShe explains that the cat constantly appearing in front of Patience is named Midnight, a rare Egyptian ", "qas": [{"question": "What does the skincare cream, Baeu-line, reverse?", "id": "4e4b879cf81c4a0486c513d572e8e279", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who takes catwoman into custody?", "id": "80e0c9982c59480184ef6ae0bbd54dab", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did patience learn?", "id": "39ffc7ea379f47aa979ee534ff41cb67", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Patience confront after slipping out of her cell?", "id": "a251aa3849aa49d297cc6fe2158cdee2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who realizes that they are catwoman?", "id": "ad76ef0616824e82a8acc8c431d565e2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Patience dump?", "id": "cee00a5b8c6446ce8dc1a88787693173", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn a New York City courthouse, an eighteen-year-", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn a New York City courthouse, an eighteen-year-old boy from a slum is on trial for allegedly stabbing his father to death. Final closing arguments having been presented, a visibly bored judge instructs the jury to decide whether the boy is guilty of murder. If there is any reasonable doubt of his guilt they are to return a verdict of not guilty. The judge further informs them that a guilty verdict will be accompanied by a mandatory death sentence.The jury retires to a private room, where the jurors spend a short while getting acquainted before they begin deliberating. It is immediately apparent that the jurors have already decided that the boy is guilty, and that they plan to return their verdict without taking time for discussion with the sole exception of Juror 8 (Henry Fonda), who is the only \"not guilty\" vote in a preliminary tally. He explains that there is too much at stake for him to go along with the verdict without at least talking about it first. His vote annoys the other jurors, especially Juror 7 (Jack Warden), who has tickets to a baseball game that evening; and Juror 10 (Ed Begley Sr.), who believes that people from slum backgrounds are liars, wild, and dangerous.The rest of the film's focus is the jury's difficulty in reaching a unanimous verdict. While several of the jurors harbor personal prejudices, Juror 8 maintains that the evidence presented in the case is circumstantial, and that the boy deserves a fair deliberation. He calls into question the accuracy and reliability of the only two witnesses to the murder, the \"rarity\" of the murder weapon (a common switchblade, of which he has an identical copy), and the overall questionable circumstances. He further argues that he cannot in good conscience vote \"guilty\" when he feels there is reasonable doubt of the boy's guilt.Having argued several points and gotten no favorable response from the others, Juror 8 reluctantly agrees that he has only succeeded in hanging the jury. Instead, he requests another vote, this time by secret ballot. He proposes that he will abstain from voting, and if the other 11 jurors are still unanimous in a guilty vote, then he will acquiesce to their decision. The secret ballot is held, and a new \"not guilty\" vote appears. This earns intense criticism from Juror 3 (Lee J. Cobb), who blatantly accuses Juror 5 (Jack Klugman) who had grown up in a slum of switching out of sympathy toward slum children. However, Juror 9 (Joseph Sweeney) reveals that he himself changed his vote, feeling that Juror 8's points deserve further discussion.Juror 8 presents a convincing argument that one of the witnesses, an elderly man who claimed to have heard the boy yell \"I'm going to kill you\" shortly before the murder took place, could not have heard the voices as clearly as he had testified due to an elevated train passing by at the time; as well as stating that \"I'm going to kill you,\" is often said by people who do not literally mean it. Juror 5 changes his vote to \"not guilty\". Soon afterward, Juror 11 (George Voskovec) questions whether it is reasonable to suppose the defendant would have fled the scene, having cleaned the knife of fingerprints but leaving it behind, and then come back three hours later to retrieve it (having been left in his father's chest). Juror 11 then changes his vote.Juror 8 then mentions the man's second claim: upon hearing the father's body hit the floor, he had run to the door of his apartment and seen the defendant running out of the building from his front door in 15 seconds. Jurors 5, 6 and 8 question whether this is true, as the witness in question had had a stroke, limiting his ability to walk. Upon the end of an experiment, the jury finds that the witness would not have made it to the door in enough time to actually see the killer running out. Juror 8 concludes that, judging from what he claims to have heard earlier, the witness must have ", "qas": [{"question": "How did the jury end up voting?", "id": "64a0f852691643b8a74bd42efe997313", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who and all leaves?", "id": "3f8b02b3f35845629aaa80561194657f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Was the defendant found guilty or not-guilty?", "id": "582e0f1752dd48d2a00f802fadbb056c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Juror number eight believes the evidence is what?", "id": "42aa66f92b9e4c2f991bab8db9c05a0b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is found not-guilty off-screen?", "id": "0192c71eec1b4b2fa367fd88ff93890e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who reveals he actually made the switch?", "id": "e011606eb2b54afaaf710ae2e2bc9403", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does McCardle play?", "id": "dfd26c3c25dd48a8a33209e85cecce1c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who helps the distraught Juror 3 with his coat?", "id": "11af49e4a8864c1cb137afec3be115ab", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the juror number of the man who questions the accuracy of the witnesses?", "id": "216c317c2a0147f2b4cd7648c2bbc964", "answers": []}, {"question": "What creates the noise that Juror 8 argues would obscure the verbal threat made from the boy to his father?", "id": "0a25226b6e7e46158b9706716fc68f33", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of juror 9?", "id": "861a936265b748f1b8c0f1f060c65dec", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did juror 8 exchange names with?", "id": "1cd865597b8b40809d81b2a836989586", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Juror 8?", "id": "40c258d61df84b0390e83e811bbf12fc", "answers": []}, {"question": "What Juror changes his vote to \"guilty\" after Juror 4's explanation?", "id": "7401abd968ad45d284b380960500cec3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the only juror not to change his vote to \"not guilty?\"", "id": "9e7fd293d0d044228dd7fb18fb454085", "answers": []}, {"question": "On the initial vote, who was the lone dissenter?", "id": "f4c52f1c2db240d5b36aba3dd9baad8e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did juror 8 help with his coat?", "id": "549247f1e41443ce982da3ee08ca2323", "answers": []}, {"question": "WHAT IS THE FINAL VOTE ?", "id": "71aad09f2028462a92ad2cd603d16765", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which juror angrily shouts that they are losing their chance to \"burn\" the boy?", "id": "10ba1871192b4e40a9616cb1622b7651", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which juror asserts that the boy would have been under significant emotional stress when questioned?", "id": "3c37fda36c5445ca9dadfc2d56c2c55a", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many dissenters remained after Robert Webber and Martin Balsam change their votes?", "id": "855926a9d1324c04937da1f8e427d721", "answers": []}, {"question": "In the secret ballot who is the first to support Juror 8?", "id": "f2bd2e21d6b34bf98a319638aacbfb7e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of juror 8?", "id": "ec0436782c4e46c3bf0793fbc43b7b02", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Juror 4's vote by the end of the scene?", "id": "a13d5297b62e4c05b0fa60e865fc14bb", "answers": []}, {"question": "In which city courthouse the case of the boy commences?", "id": "7467804da2e74803b1e39cc7a0ab3a01", "answers": []}, {"question": "The jury is told a guilty verdict will result in what?", "id": "61cab310e09e43b0be2801c0b7ab9f76", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who helps the distraught Juror 3?", "id": "012200e0f8ed44bcb1f88b33f35ea0cc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who grew up among knife fights?", "id": "c2add94c2c5c4e338b5ef5aa84675442", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which Juror doubts the boy's alibi?", "id": "e593ed7e84dd4716be1f955085fe4390", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did Juror number eight have in his pocket", "id": "6cc25e5d6c884f23a3df03b2780fcd68", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which juror did not vote guilty?", "id": "392fbd50e653474b906f1d9617321393", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which juror requestion a secret ballot vote?", "id": "ebcb105ae5ae4798a0c3b109432ccfbd", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which juror is the lone man who thinks the defendant is innocent?", "id": "fd3f28e4aea64d248fb4724e26b6a862", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In 2092, humanity has conquered mortality through ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In 2092, humanity has conquered mortality through the endless renewal of cells. The world watches in fascination as the 118-year-old Nemo Nobody, the last mortal on Earth, edges towards death. Curious to know of life before quasi-immortality, they interview Nemo. Dr. Feldheim, a psychiatrist, uses hypnosis to help Nemo recall some of his memories, while Nemo relates other memories to a journalist. As he is prodded, Nemo makes contradictory statements. He recounts his life at three primary points: at age 9, when his parents divorced, at age 15 when he fell in love, and at age 34 as an adult. All three unfold into their many possible outcomes.\nNemo explains that before birth, children remember everything that will happen in their lives. At the moment of conception, the Angels of Oblivion erase their memory. The Angels, however, forget about Nemo, allowing him to \"remember\" different possible futures for himself. At age 9, at a railway station, he is forced to choose as his mother leaves on a train while his father stays on the platform. In one case, he manages to board the train while in another he stays with his father.\nLife with mother[edit]\nA rebellious Nemo lives with his mother and her new partner, Harry, in Montreal. He sees a new girl, Anna, in his school and is immediately smitten. One day on the beach, Anna asks if he would like to swim with her and her friends. Nemo insults her friends and they barely see each other again.\nIn an alternate story line, Nemo admits to Anna he cannot swim; the two spend time together and fall in love. Anna turns out to be Harry's daughter and the two step siblings begin an illicit affair. They pledge their lives to one another. When Harry and Nemo's mother break up, Anna goes to New York with her father, and they lose touch. Years later, Nemo works as a pool cleaner, hoping to run into Anna by chance. They finally see one another at the train station and immediately recognize each other in a crowd of passers-by. After a passionate reunion, Anna announces she is not ready to immediately resume the relationship. She gives him her number, asks him to call her in two days and meet at the lighthouse. However, he loses her number when a sudden downpour makes her note illegible. Nemo waits at the lighthouse every day, but Anna does not come.\nIn a different storyline, Anna and Nemo are married with children. Nemo works at a television studio narrating educational videos. One evening, while returning home, he hits a bird, loses control of his car, plummets into a lake and drowns.\nLife with father[edit]\nNemo stays with his father, who later becomes disabled. He works in a shop and spends his free time at home at the typewriter, writing a science fiction story about a journey to Mars. At a school dance, he meets Elise and falls in love. A few days later, Nemo goes to Elise's house but sees her with her 22-year-old boyfriend. Frustrated, he speeds away on his motorcycle, has an accident and is hospitalized in a vegetative state. Though he can perceive the world through his senses, Nemo cannot move or speak. He detects his parents' reunion at his bedside. Nemo tries to remember the movement of his fingers on the typewriter keyboard and eventually manages to lift a finger as this story line comes to a close.\nIn yet another alternate timeline, Nemo speaks with Elise at her house, and learns that she is still in love with her boyfriend, Stefano. Nemo does not back down and keeps assuring her of his feelings. Finally, Elise gives in and a few years later, they get married. In one version of the story line, Elise dies in an accident on the return from the wedding. Nemo keeps her ashes, having promised her to spread them on Mars. In a far future, Nemo carries Elise's ash to Mars and spreads them on the planet's surface. Aboard the ", "qas": [{"question": "How old is Nemo?", "id": "5d9f455f1d214d6298dd1a5f6f8aab3c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who chooses the path least traveled?", "id": "04c2827ce9c549fb94ed7ff7fd61eb1d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn the opening scene, private detective Sam Grun", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn the opening scene, private detective Sam Grunion (Groucho Marx) explains to the viewers that he has been searching for the extremely valuable Royal Romanoff diamonds for eleven years, and his investigation leads him to a troupe of struggling performers, led by Mike Johnson (Paul Valentine), who are trying to put on a musical revue called 'Love Happy'.Grunion notes that the impoverished young dancers would starve were it not for the sweet, silent Harpo (Harpo Marx), at Herbert & Herbert, a gourmet food shop that also trafficks in stolen diamonds. Harpo kindly helps ladies with their shopping bags, all the while pilfering their groceries and stuffing them in the pockets of his long trench coat. When the elegant Madame Egelichi (Ilona Massey) arrives, store manager Lefty Throckmorton (Melville Cooper) tells her that \"the sardines\" have come in. Harpo sneaks into the basement and watches as Lefty lovingly unpacks a sardine can marked with a Maltese cross, and swipes the can from Lefty's pocket, replacing it with an unmarked one. Madame Egelichi, who has gone through eight husbands in three months in her quest for the Romanoff diamonds, is furious when Lefty produces the wrong can. When Lefty remembers seeing Harpo in the basement, she orders him to call the police and offer a $1,000 reward for his capture.At the theater, meanwhile, unemployed entertainer Faustino the Great (Chico Marx) asks Mike for a job as a mind-reader, and when Faustino's clever improvisation stops the show's backer, Mr. Lyons (Leon Belasco), from repossessing the scenery, Mike gratefully hires him. Harpo, who is secretly in love with dancer Maggie Phillips (Vera-Ellen), Mike's girl friend, gives her the sardine can, and she says she will eat them tomorrow. A policeman sees Harpo inside the theater and brings him to Madame Egelichi, who turns Harpo over to her henchmen, Alphonse (Raymond Burr) and Hannibal (Bruce Gordon) Zoto. After three days of interrogation, Harpo still refuses to talk, and when he is left alone, he calls Faustino at the theater, using the bike horn he carries in his pocket to communicate. Madame Egelichi listens on the extension as Faustino declares that there are plenty of sardines at the theater, and she goes there at once.Meanwhile, Mike has just finished telling the troupe that they do not have enough money to open when Madame Egelichi arrives and offers to finance the show. Mike cancels his plans to take Maggie out for her birthday so that he and his new backer can discuss the arrangements. In the alley outside the theater, Harpo, having escaped from Madame Egelichi's suite, finds the diamonds in the sardine can which had been set out for a cat, and puts them in his pocket. When he finds Maggie crying in her dressing room, Harpo takes her to Central Park, where he plays the harp for her and gives her the diamonds as a birthday gift.On the opening night of the show, Grunion is visited by an agent of the Romanoff family, who threatens to kill him if he does not produce the diamonds in an hour. At the theater, Lefty and the Zoto brothers spy through a window as Maggie puts on the diamond necklace, but Mike asks her not to wear it, promising to buy her an engagement ring instead. As they kiss, Maggie removes the necklace and drops it on the piano strings. The curtain goes up, and when Harpo sees Lefty and the Zoto brothers menacing Maggie, he distracts them with a piece of costume jewelry and leads them up to the roof.Meanwhile, on stage, Faustino plays the piano, and when he strikes the keys forcefully, the diamond necklace flies into the air, drawing the attention of Madame Egelichi, who is watching from the audience. Faustino pockets the diamonds, then rushes to the roof to help Harpo. Madame Egelichi shows up with a gun and demands the necklace, but Faustino gives her the fake diamonds. After tying up Lefty and the Zotos and recovering the real diamonds, Harpo encounters Grunion, who has been hiding on the roof. Harpo drops the diamonds in Grunion", "qas": [{"question": "Who puts on the diamond necklace?", "id": "f51102596fb8402581e034d3a400048e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays piano on the stage?", "id": "554ff2b9f54b450592a56c76daba3d5f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who disappeared with the diamonds?", "id": "989f67f9a2e3471bb812a2a5fa061f16", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is in love with Maggie?", "id": "f1cb1dd307ad43e690d0b01f8b7b2a53", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the gourmet food shop?", "id": "ae9b9ef36e6a4140ad03f18f1c5de7f2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Mike cancel plans with?", "id": "69b60cee52ed412e9075ed62047f33b2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Harpo give Maggie for her birthday?", "id": "f938d09ebb914dfd9e380251930c5699", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was Mike supposed to take out for her birthday?", "id": "480126b10dfa4c898896427e47e5d2ac", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Grunion need to produce in order to not be killed?", "id": "eecc8449a2694dd4a5953809f0cea45f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Faustino the Great?", "id": "4df9cf54c2944253b8e2db2566e9a3c9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who shows up and offers to finance the show?", "id": "6ecf112c4b844c0a80851906cf2a2bd3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Maggie Phillips?", "id": "acd71488ddee4a6fb07ac8ffb2ea7d1d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Madame Egelichi?", "id": "9e4383872f584acc9230bb0b263d1de2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Maggie drops the necklace on?", "id": "c4506dc367484f0eafb3e77dd8a02c6f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Herbert & Herbert, a gourmet food shop that also trafficks in?", "id": "34e1a02a20bc450cb146dc819a149bc5", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Harpo carry to communicate with?", "id": "8de1e17f9b1e4b37b8639e83e4365a22", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the store manager?", "id": "f608c70a8379485c9ea3bcd1113b5583", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kind of diamonds have been searched for 11 years?", "id": "f0c38ac26c7945ee8fa674b532040d46", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Harpo take Maggie?", "id": "42a56f672f434f1f8f8ad9421c90a721", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who finances the show?", "id": "5ec2f2e395ce49a5880a54e3fcf2a916", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who went through eight husbands in three months?", "id": "90dc291694a949deafefc85d99f28b92", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who listens in on Harpo and Faustino?", "id": "1a28c2bcc7654e77804c5dbc4c2a96ae", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Mike Promise to buy Maggie?", "id": "7640a9acf34e4299ab40bde58dc09212", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Grunion hide?", "id": "67b1682df9c0456297d1af117cd788cb", "answers": []}, {"question": "With what does Harpo helps the ladies with?", "id": "937bbf990d0b48f9ae1ab32924a6c1b6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What job does Faustino the Great apply for?", "id": "550186d23ea745db8d052dd9703e76f4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nVanessa Snyder (Alexa Vega) is an admired eighth", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nVanessa Snyder (Alexa Vega) is an admired eighth-grader in her school. She has a loving single mother, Barbara (Lisa Vidal), who is proud of her well-placed daughter. Vanessa is also \"in\" with the popular clique, led by her best friend Stacy Larson (Leah Pipes), the queen bee, and Nikki Rodriguez (Elizabeth Rice), who is secretly jealous of Stacy and Vanessa's closeness. On the exterior of this exclusive friendship circle is the outsider, Emily (Shari Dyon Perry), and the wannabe, Tiffany (Alicia Morton), who is dying to make it into the pack.The nightmare begins when Nikki tricks Vanessa into getting close to Tony (Chad Biagini), a boy whom Stacy (and somewhat Vanessa) has a crush on. A web of lies, nasty rumors, and manipulation ensues, and Vanessa is ostracized by the clique for \"backstabbing\" Stacy. Helpless, Vanessa soon faces the conflict and violence from her former friends and other popular girls whom she doesn't even know. Nikki gets Tiffany accepted into the clique, and Tiffany becomes Nikki's sidekick at poisoning the others against Vanessa. Although Nikki is the main girl who is tormenting Vanessa, Stacy plays her part by pretending she's still Vanessa's best friend and not stopping the attacks on her. Vanessa is slowly pushed out of class activities, called names, socially isolated and worst of all, her tormentors create a webpage about her on which they put humiliating photos of Vanessa, along with expressions of hatred towards her.Emily tries to convince Vanessa not to go running back to the clique, but Vanessa keeps attempting to seek reconciliation with Stacy, to disastrous results. The bullying escalates, with Stacy, Nikki, Tiffany and others cornering Vanessa inside a bathroom and verbally brutalizing her, including degrading every aspect of her and revealing her embarrassing secrets. That night, Vanessa has a nervous breakdown and chops all her hair off. Then she starts skipping school, fearing the agony in the hallways. Stacy offers a fake truce to Vanessa and asks for help on an assignment. Vanessa sends Stacy her paper, only to have Stacy copy it and make it look like Vanessa copied Stacy's paper.Once Vanessa shows her mother a print-out of comments about Vanessa's hair, Barbara tries to help by informing the school about the bullying, to no avail as the principal is unable to take disciplinary action against non-physical bullying. Barbara even tries to talk to Stacy's mother, Denise (Rhoda Griffis) but only ends up straining their friendship. Even an adult like Barbara is helpless in the face of teen violence.Vanessa's spirits are suddenly lifted when Stacy invites her to her birthday party. After preparing, she arrives at a club, which is not the site of the party. When discovering this, Vanessa goes ballistic. She takes an overdose of her mother's sleeping pills, but survives and just passes out.In the hospital, Barbara reveals to her daughter that she was also emotionally bullied when she was a teenager, which caused her to encourage Vanessa to stay friends with Stacy. She says that she never dealt with it herself and wished Vanessa would learn self-defense.During a class session, Emily accuses Stacy of nearly killing Vanessa for her actions. She is also the only one of Vanessa's classmates to visit her in the hospital and befriends her.Back home, Barbara spots malicious instant messages popping up on Vanessa's computer and sends them to the school principal. The culprits have been revealed to be Nikki, Tiffany, and Ezra (Joey Nappo), another tormentor. If they deny that they cyber-bullied Vanessa, they would be expelled from the school and not graduate.\nWhen Vanessa returns to school, she and Stacy reunite after Stacy convinces her that she's sorry about the bullying. They IM each other about how great it feels to be best friends again. Then graduation day comes and the final conflict happens when after the graduation, Nikki and Tiffany read aloud the chat between Vanessa and Stacy, which Stacey had sent to Nikki, and which Nikki had printed out.", "qas": [{"question": "Who does everyone feel Vanessa backstabbed?", "id": "f4f773493eac4326a7c19f1ce3a3cd0d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Vanessa consider her true friend?", "id": "ac1d93cf948f440b930c8934af199c50", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who sent Stacy and Vanessa's conversation to Nikki?", "id": "2997c70e94a144c684df1ed9403f1b1c", "answers": []}, {"question": "What grade are the girls in?", "id": "f373eddbb2bb4d06bb90efb8c1ff28d6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the name of the person that Vanessa was tricked by Nikki into getting close to?", "id": "ad6a37446c8d42658f6f17902a462182", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who reads aloud the chat between Vanessa and Stacy?", "id": "3d8a9968086546a0a530e113dec1145f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is considered Stacy's \"henchwomen\"?", "id": "f603fb0606124f98aca073c5f8c933ea", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the only girl to come to see Vanessa in hospital?", "id": "5aa3940fda1d42db9854452cd9e3b014", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Barbara try to talk with about the bullying", "id": "774102db75c74bc5b49d661a2a5448ba", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did Barbara inform the school about?", "id": "559a5b440e7b454e83adce11baaf0c1a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who trick Vanessa into getting closer with Tony?", "id": "d4623bdd9cab4dd38d930495f6e9f998", "answers": []}, {"question": "What grade is Vanessa Snyder in?", "id": "4cb4f2bdb99a49e5aceffc57cb99f9d6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Brilliant but irresponsible scientist Tony Nelson ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Brilliant but irresponsible scientist Tony Nelson (James Congdon) develops an electronic amplifier that he hopes will allow any object to achieve a 4th dimensional (4D) state. While in this state that object can pass freely through any other object. However, Tony failed to pay attention to the overload, which sparks an electrical fire that burns down his lab, resulting in the university terminating his contract. Now unemployed, Tony seeks out his brother Scott (Robert Lansing), a researcher working on a material called cargonite that is so dense as to be impenetrable, to help him with his experiment.\nScott is underpaid and unappreciated at his job but does not have the drive to challenge his employer, Mr. Carson, for greater recognition, especially since Scott has been the driving force behind the development of cargonite (named after Carson, showing he is grabbing much of the credit for Scott's work). When his girlfriend (Lee Meriwether) falls for Tony, an enraged Scott steals Tony's experiment and starts playing with it, eventually sending himself into a 4D state. When demonstrating this to Tony, Scott does not turn on the amplifier power yet successfully passes his hand through a block of steel, meaning Scott can now enter the 4D state via his own will. Tony is amazed but warns Scott not to reveal this until he can further test it for any side effects.\nWhile in the 4D state, Scott can pass through any solid object. The downside is that, while in that state, Scott ages at a greatly accelerated rate. He soon learns how to survive however, when an aged Scott visits the company doctor, who, while examining him, suddenly drops dead. Simply by touching others, Scott can drain their lifeforce, thereby rejuvenating himself. One night, Scott experiments with his abilities by being able to shoplift a piece of fruit from a grocery store window. Scott also notices a diamond necklace on display in a jewelry store window, but decides against stealing it. However, when Scott sees the bank, his face breaks into a sly grin.\nThe police are wondering about a bizarre crime, over $50,000 was stolen from the bank with no forced entry nor video footage of wrongdoing, and a $20 bill was found protruding from a piece of tempered steel. Tony realizes Scott is abusing his power and tries to convince the police of the experiment.\nScott starts using his new found power to acquire all the things he felt he was denied: money, recognition, power, and women. Scott then confronts Mr. Carson, revealing the experiment, then taking his revenge \"for the life drained from me\" by literally draining Carson's life force to rejuvenate his. After killing Carson, Scott then proceeds to a sleazy bar. He gets some toughs to back down, and his new found bravado combined with his ill-gotten money to impress a bar girl. Later in a car, when they kiss, Scott does not kill her, but drains her life force to the point where she becomes old, frightening her into running away.\nThe police have to find a way to stop a man who is practically unstoppable. Looking old now, Tony returns to the nuclear lab where they are also unable to stop him. The girlfriend catches him when he is solid and shoots and wounds Scott after they kiss (which does not drain her life force). Bleeding and feeling betrayed, Scott maniacally proclaims his invincibility and defiantly phases his body through a wall embedded with supposedly impenetrable cargonite, his hand, slowly and with seeming difficulty, phasing lastly through the wall. \"The End\" then appears on the screen. A moment later, a question mark appears turning the closing phrase into an interrogative statement leaving into question whether Scott has died or survived.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What can Scott pass his hand through?", "id": "2a4ceab6d66548289f0364f7cadacff2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What causes the destruction of the lab?", "id": "7a0de7529c7741c1ba47faa416d60f16", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the scientist?", "id": "51c6133af6b14bf68a08155e7c09e94b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Former college classmates Martha Dobie (Shirley Ma", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Former college classmates Martha Dobie (Shirley MacLaine) and Karen Wright (Audrey Hepburn) open a private school for girls. Martha's Aunt Lily (Miriam Hopkins), an aging actress, lives and teaches elocution at the school. After an engagement of two years to Joe Cardin (James Garner), a reputable obstetrician, Karen finally agrees to set a wedding date. Joe is related to the influential Amelia Tilford (Fay Bainter), whose granddaughter Mary (Karen Balkin) is a student at the school. Mary is a spoiled, conniving child who bullies her classmates, particularly Rosalie Wells (Veronica Cartwright), whom she blackmails when she discovers her in possession of a student's missing bracelet.\nWhen Mary is caught in a lie, Karen punishes her by refusing to let her attend the weekend's boat races. Mary goes home to her grandmother and twists a story so that she will not have to return to school that day. Karen learns what the story is from a father of a departing student and confronts Amelia about Mary accusing Martha and Karen of being lovers. Mary is foiled at convincing others that she personally saw the interactions between Martha and Karen. Mary coerces Rosalie to corroborate her story. Joe is frustrated by the situation, saying that he has finished cleaning up his grandmother's home, and maintains his engagement to Karen and his friendship with Martha. The two women intend to file a suit of libel and slander against Mrs. Tilford.\nMartha and Karen are isolated at the school. Aunt Lily returns after the suit has been lost because she would not return to testify on behalf of her niece and Karen. The incident had been circulated widely by the media. Joe wants to continue with his intention to marry Karen and wants Martha to restart life with them in a rural area where he has found a practice.\nKaren insists that Joe tell her whether he believes that there was a relationship between Martha and Karen. Joe tells Karen that he believes it's untrue. She then says that nothing ever happened and that she could not continue with the engagement.\nRosalie's mother (Sally Brophy) discovers a cache of items among her daughter's belongings, including the bracelet inscribed to Evelyn. Mrs. Wells takes her daughter to Mrs. Tilford who, while walking over to meet her granddaughter, Mary, on the stairs collapses on the floor.\nKaren tells Martha that Joe will not come back. Martha is distraught at Karen's cryptic explanation and urges her to not let Joe go. Karen, however, wants to leave town with Martha the next day. She believes they can go where they will not be recognized and can start a new life, but Martha does not. As Martha tries to talk herself into believing she and Karen are just good friends, she realizes that she does truly love Karen. While Karen does not believe her, tries to dissuade her and maintains her own heterosexuality, Martha comes to believe she has loved Karen ever since they met and that she was simply unaware of the true nature of her feelings. Despite Karen's assurances to the contrary, Martha feels responsible for ruining both their lives and is appalled by her feelings towards Karen.\nMrs. Tilford visits the two teachers. She has learned about the falsehood perpetrated by her; the court proceedings will be reversed and the award for damages settled. Karen refuses Mrs. Tilford's gesture.\nMartha no longer wants to continue with the conversation. Karen leaves her for a walk on the school grounds. Aunt Lily asks Karen about the whereabouts of Martha as her door is locked. Karen breaks loose the door's slide lock with a candleholder and discovers Martha has hanged herself in her room. After Martha's funeral, Karen walks away alone, while Joe watches her from the distance.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What did the women sue Mrs. Tilford for?", "id": "e28ee5f2e0944f5b99db9a10372f20f6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who offers to take the women away to start a new life?", "id": "1ee7e9063b2549a7929885b5580f70e9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Mary blackmail for stealing a bracelet?", "id": "cb7c3d7cce6d4bd894f7fbd6664a26ab", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who refuses to accept Mrs Tilford's apology?", "id": "4f17dd3eaad34eed8c8236eded9a1c00", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Karen's fiancee?", "id": "14775c1d62a4468cb224f86cb873116b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did Rosalie Wells steal?", "id": "d8d535f08ec24accb85a644918dd8fca", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film opens with an animated prologue reveali", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens with an animated prologue revealing the origins of leprechauns, stating that they were summoned by a king to protect his gold from those who would try to steal it. After the death of the king the Leprechauns returned to their places of origin, all except one (Warwick Davis) who remained in the mortal world and through the ages slowly became corrupted and obsessed with the treasure he still guarded. In the present Father Jacob (Willie C. Carpenter) is chased through the construction site of the youth center he had planned on building by the Leprechaun, whose gold Jacob had taken to fund the building project. Using four-leaf clover laced holy water Jacob manages to banish the Leprechaun, summoning demonic hands which drag him underground, but soon after drops dead of injuries inflicted by the Leprechaun during the fight.One year later two down on their luck friends Emily Woodrow (Tangi Miller) and Lisa Duncan (Sherrie Jackson) have their fortune told when the clairvoyant Esmeralda (Donzaleigh Abernathy) who warns them that they will attain great wealth soon, but it must be denied as it will come at a great price and summon a terrible evil. While having a barbecue at the abandoned youth center construction site with Lisa, their stoner friend Jamie Davis (Page Kennedy) and her ex-boyfriend turned drug dealer Rory Jackson (Laz Alonso) Emily falls through a hole and discovers the Leprechaun's gold in an old tunnel where it was hidden by Father Jacob. Splitting up the gold (which is produced in a never ending amount by the chest it was contained in) evenly the quartet of friends use it to fulfill their fantasies, unaware that by taking the gold they have released the Leprechaun, who begins stalking the group (killing a guest who takes one of his coins at a party held by Jamie, prompting the police to temporarily arrest him). At the salon where Emily works the Leprechaun sneaks in and, after killing a regular customer, Doria, on the massage table by breaking her neck, attacks Emily, who barely escapes and warns Rory and the recently released Jamie, who rush to get to Lisa's. In her house Lisa is attacked by the Leprechaun and manages to fight him off for a short while, but is killed when the Leprechaun claws her in the stomach, with her friends finding her body moments later.While Emily and Jamie want to return the gold Rory does not and takes off with it; shortly after realizing Rory is gone Emily is attacked and chased outside by the Leprechaun, but is saved when Rory has a change of heart and comes back for her. Searching for Rory the Leprechaun stops by his house and kills Rory's profligate girlfriend Chanel (Keesha Sharp) by tearing out her upper jaw, reclaiming the gold she used to make a tooth while Rory and Emily are stopped and harassed by Officers Thompson (Beau Billingslea) and Whitaker (Chris Murray). After the Leprechaun appears and kills the two officers Emily and Rory escape and regroup with Jamie, only to be confronted by a machine gun wielding group of Rory's drug dealing rivals, led by Watson (Shiek Mahmud-Bey) and Cedric (Sticky Fingaz). Planning on executing Rory for infringing on their territory Watson and his gang are all disposed of by the Leprechaun, (who kills Watson and Cedric while the other two members run off) while Emily, Rory and Jamie drive off in Watson's car (which the Leprechaun latches to the bottom of for a short while) and go looking for help from Esmeralda.Advised to use four-leaf clovers against the Leprechaun by Esmeralda, Rory laces the hollow-point bullets of his gun with clovers Jamie finds in the marijuana Rory had earlier sold him. When the Leprechaun arrives Rory shoots him several times with the clover bullets, only for his gun to jam before he can finish the Leprechaun off. Rory and Emily are given the chance to run with the gold when the Leprechaun is distracted by Jamie and Esmeralda (the latter dying in a magical duel with the Leprechaun). Followed to the roof of the building Rory tries fighting the Leprechaun and is knocked out, though before the Leprechaun can kill him ", "qas": [{"question": "what does he lace with clovers?", "id": "9f028b8f7bbd4e8e8c406fd0b57e68f6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Jacob manage to banish?", "id": "5affff1f969843ef988bc87868bc3398", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who hid the Leprechaun's gold?", "id": "4c567fe0577445649dfc9ce013fe3e7e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who warns Rory?", "id": "982c59f7ce78471ebca3f472ef3f0108", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who finds the leprechaun's gold?", "id": "e033be9bc29e4e069ee4370507f81fb4", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Father Jacob intend to build with the gold?", "id": "3b2ef5ed5a01433290c0e25d78bb76d4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does not want to return the gold?", "id": "47273b9b52374201b4b2e30317c2f1fc", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Jacob summon, to drag Lubdan underground?", "id": "da19c2af7eb8468a9604d25ceb896d4f", "answers": []}, {"question": "who does rory try fighting?", "id": "d22eb4cd43db4ea59a2ff0892589efdf", "answers": []}, {"question": "The film opens with a prologue revealing the origins of what?", "id": "0baf031e056740cea7c1562ff9d9286d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who gets wrongfully arrested by the police?", "id": "f7521202c4ba4a958cb536e90f64e535", "answers": []}, {"question": "The beginning of the movies starts with what type of prologue?", "id": "ffd5d075dfeb4a60b107a6d1e81a2faa", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the Leprechaun?", "id": "18976f65fb144399a441d2cb3e9c2751", "answers": []}, {"question": "who does rory shoot?", "id": "ac796485f1f14de698f46fed4d8cc276", "answers": []}, {"question": "who are given a chance to run with the gold?", "id": "0eea9412efc84856a8072d1c96948dd5", "answers": []}, {"question": "After driving off in Watson's car, who do Emily, Rory, and Jamie seek help from?", "id": "dd4b6263014c4d7cac038b13bd5b21f1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Why does a machine gun wielding group of Rory's drug-dealing rivals confront the group?", "id": "aae7f3c3ecbf4e82b5134606a9654113", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whom does Jacob mange to banish?", "id": "ab307d78953b41e182af19fdcbb80821", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Rory shoot several times?", "id": "b27d523899bd49c0a2924675921517e7", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Rory save Emily from?", "id": "e89cc32263ee4ecfbf1748366e251ca8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who disposes of Watson and his gang?", "id": "5ca6e9e8412f4387a9226463e751e40d", "answers": []}, {"question": "How does Lubdan kill Chanel?", "id": "7ec1ddd4946d4a89aa782e9befc64890", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is revealed by the prologue of film?", "id": "6c0ddcbe645f41ebb4536d4e61f56928", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who fell through the hole?", "id": "a7d2df7edfec4ce291cc3c383b1774f6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did Rory lace the hollow-point of his gun with to use against the Leprechaun?", "id": "713266d504f846deb03794e9b48a2b70", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who disposed Watson and his gang?", "id": "cd5eac4d7c0d4711a7937beaf577e89b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was it that did not want to return the gold to the Leprechaun?", "id": "71f66ab6de4d4a4d8a2912ff7feefa12", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Private investigator Patrick Kenzie (Casey Affleck", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Private investigator Patrick Kenzie (Casey Affleck) and his partner/girlfriend Angie Gennaro (Michelle Monaghan) witness a televised plea by a woman named Helene McCready (Amy Ryan) for the return of her missing daughter Amanda, who was abducted with her favorite doll \"Mirabelle\". Patrick and Angie are then hired by the child's aunt Beatrice (Amy Madigan) to find Amanda and discover that Helene and her boyfriend \"Skinny Ray\" (Sean Malone) had recently stolen money from Cheese (Edi Gathegi), a local Haitian drug lord. After Ray is murdered, Patrick and Angie join the police detectives Remy Bressant (Ed Harris) and Nick Poole (John Ashton) with investigating the case and assist in arranging the trade of money for the return of Amanda. Captain Jack Doyle (Morgan Freeman) reads Patrick a telephone transcript of the drug lord setting up an exchange for Amanda. The exchange at a nearby quarry in Quincy is botched and it is believed Amanda drowned; her doll is found in the quarry and returned to Helene. Doyle, whose own daughter was killed years before, takes responsibility for the death and goes into early retirement.\nTwo months later, a seven year old boy is abducted in Everett and Patrick receives information that the boy was taken by a known child molester. After entering the suspect's house and finding evidence of the abducted boy, Patrick returns with Remy and Nick to rescue him. They are seen by the residents and Nick is shot. Patrick enters the house during the shootout and finds one of the residents dead. He retreats into the child molester's room, where he finds the boy's dead body; he then shoots the child molester in the back of the head in a fit of rage.\nNick later dies of his wounds. Trying to alleviate Patrick's guilt over the events at the house, Remy unthinkingly confides that he once planted evidence on someone with the help of \"Skinny Ray\" \u00e2\u0080\u0094 whom he had initially told Patrick he didn't know. After Nick's funeral, Patrick speaks to a police officer, who tells him that Remy had been asking about the drug lord's stolen money before the drug lord knew it was missing. Patrick then questions Beatrice's husband Lionel (Titus Welliver) in a bar and pieces together that Lionel and Remy had conspired to stage a fake kidnapping in order to take the drug money for themselves and to take Amanda from her neglectful mother's care. At that point, Remy (trying to cover for his earlier mistake) enters the bar, while wearing a latex mask and holding a shotgun, and stages a robbery. He points the shotgun at Lionel's head, but the bartender shoots Remy twice in the back. Remy flees and is pursued by Patrick to the rooftop of a nearby building, where he dies.\nPatrick is questioned by the police about Remy's death and learns that the police never had a phone transcript like the one that Doyle had read to him prior to the botched exchange. Patrick and Angie drive to Doyle's home, where Patrick finds Amanda living with Doyle and his wife; Doyle was part of the phony kidnapping all along. Patrick threatens to call the authorities, but Doyle attempts to convince him that Amanda is better off living with them than with her mother, and that is reason enough not to get involved. Patrick leaves and discusses the choices with Angie, who says she will leave him if he calls the police, since she also believes Amanda is much better off with the Doyles. In the next scene, the police arrive, Doyle is arrested, Amanda is returned to her mother amidst heavy publicity, and Patrick and Angie break up.\nPatrick later visits Amanda as Helene is about to leave on a date with someone she met during the publicity over her daughter's disappearance. Helene informs Patrick that Beatrice has been forbidden to visit and is upset about her husband's arrest. Helene has no babysitter for Amanda and when asked, she tells Patrick that Helene's friend, Dottie (Jill Quigg) will watch her, even though she has yet to ask Dottie herself. Patrick volunteers to watch Amanda, who is holding her ", "qas": [{"question": "Where was Amanda found?", "id": "ae3c768dbd5540e59d02b41d981b00cc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Patrick's partner and girlfriend?", "id": "a0c992e7ad0a4edfb33e2e1ceb6c9e6a", "answers": []}, {"question": "What weapon did Remy stage a robbery with?", "id": "8aad2a1dcffa4a848be79f8514dde578", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Doyle's profession?", "id": "65e3a566f71540ce90b476d0c71a81d2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Patrick Kenzie's profession?", "id": "04d109ca85454bf389caa78140b7dcba", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Helene's boyfriend?", "id": "17410aa37e4242a7855eed8c1014c14a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Chettinad Palace in Karaikudi seen in the film.\nNa", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Chettinad Palace in Karaikudi seen in the film.\nNatesan (Cheran) works as an engineer in electricity board in Karaikudi and leads a joint family with more 30 of his relatives living in the same house. On the other hand, Visalakshi aka Sala (Sneha) is the only daughter to her parents and she is about to complete her college education in Karaikudi. Sala feels bored while being alone and she always prefers to have her friends surrounding her.\nSala\u00e2\u0080\u0099s parents start searching for a groom and they get a reference for Natesan. Sala and her family meet Natesan\u00e2\u0080\u0099s family in a function. Sala is surprised to see so many people living as a joint family together and she is very much impressed and agrees for the wedding. Natesan and Sala get married. Sala loves being accompanied by all the relatives in Natesan\u00e2\u0080\u0099s home. When Sala and Natesan go on a honeymoon, Sala purchases gifts for everyone in the family. All the family members are also impressed seeing Sala.\nBut Natesan feels sad that he does not get private time to spend with his wife as they are always surrounded by relatives. Now Natesan gets transferred to a hill station named Attakatti, near Pollachi. Natesan feels happy as he believes this will provide him time to spend with Sala. Although Sala feels sad leaving all her relatives, she also goes with Natesan to the hill station.\nOver there in the hill station, Sala feels lonely and gets bored and she longs for the life she had in Karaikudi. Their house is located in a remote place with no neighbours and friends. Natesan also gets busy with work and has very little time to spend with his wife. Slowly Sala gets psychologically disturbed due to loneliness and she behaves as if the house is filled with so many people. Also, she repairs the fan, lights etc. purposefully in their home so that the nearby electrician (Kanja Karuppu) comes to fix them and at least she gets a chance to speak to someone.\nShe also starts recording all the sounds around her such as birds chirping, etc. and listens to the recordings when alone. One day, she records a neighbour\u00e2\u0080\u0099s child\u00e2\u0080\u0099s laughter sound following which the child faints. Sala is scared but the child is saved. Doctor Ramalingam (Jayaram) sees Sala and understands that she is suffering from a disorder and warns Natesan. But Natesan does not take it seriously. One day Sala consumes too much of sleeping pills to come out of her depression. But Natesan spots her lying in bed and rushes her to the hospital. Sala is saved. Ramalingam explains the disorder to Natesan and mentions that the best cure for her would be to lead a happy life surrounded by relatives. Natesan agrees and moves back to Karaikudi. The movie ends showing Natesan and Sala leading a happy life again.\n", "qas": [{"question": "who experiences a love and affection of each?", "id": "52191f9e4ff5405caa3f4667f04d995f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where was Natesan being transferred to?", "id": "6ac292070a5d44fd9a6a7394eda54343", "answers": []}, {"question": "whose marriage is describe in movie?", "id": "8acf5795230b461aa1bc29a0545f8147", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays a role of sala?", "id": "aa41c5bba10d4ec994a24d39e9eec497", "answers": []}, {"question": "Natesan is advised to take Sala back to the joint family when they discover what?", "id": "54c5880d65fb4952abfa74434a06808c", "answers": []}, {"question": "where natesan is transferred?", "id": "fe4ef62d424248e48c6ecf01015fbc08", "answers": []}, {"question": "After moving out with her husband, Sala slowly becomes what?", "id": "2e31117e7f1745b69c302c210815b6db", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nOver the opening credits, Cherry Darling (Rose M", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nOver the opening credits, Cherry Darling (Rose McGowan) works as a go-go dancer at a club. After crying onstage, she tells her boss Skip (Skip Reissig) that she needs to make a real change in her life and quits her job. While walking home, several military trucks pass her close enough that she throws herself into a bunch of trashcans. She also gets several splinters in her thigh for her trouble.At the military base a couple of miles away from town, scientist Abby (Naveen Andrews) is threatening his incompetent employee Romey (Julio Oscar Mechoso) for having lost three very valuable 'specimens'; the price of failure is Abby's henchmen cutting off Romey's testicles, which Abby keeps in a jar along with a collection of them from other victims. Lt. Muldoon (Bruce Willis) shows up, wearing a gas mask. He asks Abby where the \"shit\" is, and Abby says that its all there on the base, prompting a short gunfight. His men are shot to death by Muldoon's troops, and he again asks where the mysterious \"shit\" is. Muldoon's face starts to boil and Abby says that its all around them. He grabs a pistol and blasts a gas canister open, spreading gas everywhere. Some are unfortunately exposed instantly to the gas, melting into gooey messes. However, Muldoon and his men walk into the green gas and enjoy it while Abby escapes in a vehicle, not noticing one of Muldoon's soldiers is riding on top of the vehicle. The green mist spreads through the air.Meanwhile, Cherry stops at a rundown barbecue restaurant called 'The Bone Shack'. A young woman named Tammy (Fergie) arrives and asks the owner J.T. (Jeff Fahey) for some water for her car's overheated engine. Cherry goes to the dirty ladies room where she cleans her leg wound and sits down in the restaurant where she is the only customer. After Tammy drives away, Wray (Freddy Rodr\u00edguez), a local mechanic, arrives in his truck. J.T., obsessed with having the best barbecue in Texas and winning a local contest tells Wray that he is celebrating is restaurant's 25th anniversary. Wray sits at Cherry's table and the two converse, revealing Wray and Cherry have a history together, and she's wearing his jacket. They briefly talk about their past, and Cherry sardonically states that she is going to become a stand-up comedian. Their flame for each is other is clearly still there, and Cherry catches a lift with Wray.Dr. William Block (Josh Brolin) and Dr. Dakota Block (Marley Shelton) wake up at 8:00 PM for their late shift at the hospital where they work. Through their window, they can see the eerie green mist. Dakota makes breakfast for her husband and son, Tony (Rebel Rodriguez) and slyly texts her lover to pick up Tony, who will be with the babysitter.In the hospital where Bill and Dakota work, people with strange symptoms start arriving: the first one, Joe (Nicky Katt), has a bite supposedly half an hour old with an advanced stage of gangrene and bacterial infection. Dr. Felix (Felix Sabates) notes he has seen similar wounds before in Iraq soldiers, due to mustard gas. Joe's temperature is high, and when Block makes Joe open his mouth he is startled that his tongue is infected as well. Block squeezes a boil, making it burst and blood and fluid spurt onto his face. The infection on Joe's arm is spreading, so he calls in Dakota and tells Joe that he's going to amputate his arm. Dakota has three needles and injects Joe with all of them, making him pass out.On the road, Tammy is listening to a radio broadcast dedicated to the memory of someone named Jungle Julia when her car breaks down near the military base. While trying to hitch a ride she is attacked by the infected people (called \"sickos\"), who tear her apart and drag her body off the road. Wray and Cherry see them dragging the body, but think that it's just a dead deer. (", "qas": [{"question": "What are the infected humans called?", "id": "dcf9b62ab1484ed8958b9cbfd18fcf85", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Cherry's ex boyfriend?", "id": "9574af5ee9554182b519ae410023cc6b", "answers": []}, {"question": "who explains that he killed Osama bin Laden?", "id": "a7aa66e1e522429588b8cee7bdcd6ec3", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn Egypt, circa 1290 BC, high priest Imhotep eng", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn Egypt, circa 1290 BC, high priest Imhotep engages in an affair with Anck-su-Namun, the mistress of Pharaoh Seti, despite strict rules that other men are forbidden to touch her. When the Pharaoh discovers their tryst, Imhotep and Anck-su-Namun murder the monarch. Imhotep is dragged away by his priests before the Pharaoh's guards can discover his involvement; Anck-su-Namun then kills herself, intending for Imhotep to resurrect her. After Anck-su-Namun's burial, Imhotep breaks into her crypt and steals her corpse. He and his priests flee across the desert to Hamunaptra, the City of the Dead, where they begin the resurrection ceremony. However, they are caught by Seti's guards before the ritual could be completed, and Anck-su-Namun's soul is sent back to the Underworld. For their sacrilege, Imhotep's priests are mummified alive, and Imhotep himself is forced to endure the curse of Hom Dai: his tongue is cut out and he is buried alive with a swarm of flesh-eating scarabs. The ritual curses him to become an immortal walking plague if he were ever to be resurrected. He is buried under high security, sealed away in a sarcophagus below a statue of the Egyptian god Anubis, and kept under strict surveillance throughout the ages by the Medjai, descendants of Seti's palace guards. If Imhotep were ever to be released, the powers that made him immortal would allow him to unleash a wave of destruction and death upon the Earth.In 1923, soldiers from the French Foreign Legion, led by American Rick O'Connell, make a final stand at Hamunaptra against an overwhelming force of Medjai warriors. The soldiers are massacred and O'Connell makes a final retreat inside the city, only to be cornered by a group of Medjai. However, they flee when Imhotep's evil presence manifests itself, leaving him to die in the desert.In 1926, Cairo librarian and aspiring Egyptologist, Evelyn Carnahan is presented with an intricate box and map by her bumbling brother Jonathan, who says he found it in Thebes. The map seems to point the way to the lost city of Hamunaptra, where all of the wealth of Egypt was supposedly stored; however, the museum curator, Dr. Bey, dismisses Hamunaptra as a myth, and accidentally damages the map. Jonathan reveals he actually stole it from an American (revealed to be O'Connell), who is currently in prison, and may be able to tell more about Hamunaptra. Rick tells them that he knows the location of the city from his days in the Foreign Legion. He makes a deal with Evelyn to reveal the location of Hamunaptra, in exchange for Evelyn saving Rick from being hanged. Evelyn successfully negotiates his release from the prison warden by offering him 25% of the found treasure; however, the warden insist on coming along in order to protect his investment. They board a ship to start their expedition to the city, where they encounter a band of American treasure hunters led by the famed Egyptologist Dr. Allen Chamberlain, and guided by Beni Gabor, a cowardly former Legion soldier who served with Rick and also knows the location of the lost city.During the journey, the boat is invaded by Medjai soldiers who are looking for Evelyn's box and the map. The expedition manages to fight them off, but the map is lost and the boat goes up in flames, forcing the entire party to go ashore. Rick, Evelyn and Jonathan are separated from the other treasure hunters and procure camels at a nearby market. Since Rick knows the way to the city, they arrive at Hamunaptra at the same time as the other party, but due to tensions between the two groups, they start exploring the city in separate locations. The Americans discover a chest between the legs of the statue of Anubis. They have it opened by several of their carriers, but the chest is booby-trapped and the carriers die from an acid spray. In the meanwhile, Evelyn is looking for the Book of Amun-Ra, a solid gold book supposedly capable of taking life away. Her team discovers a tomb buried directly below the statue of Anubis", "qas": [{"question": "What year is Imhotep revived?", "id": "77986b1c0531472c8ccf2ac32e8f8857", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who attacks the expeditions?", "id": "aca0e1b1f3e947279792d295648054ee", "answers": []}, {"question": "who  is sealed away in a sarcophagus at the feet of a statue of the Egyptian god Anubis and kept under strict surveillance by the Medjai to prevent Imhotep's return?", "id": "9c0f1935f3064b3aa67d71217a669ee7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Imhotep's lover?", "id": "2e45fd76921946d4b1808a2f0029fe3f", "answers": []}, {"question": "When is Imhotep revived?", "id": "9106a76c1b104ee6976ea89f609a1c33", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Imhotep prepare to sacrifice ?", "id": "a7e0fd808be64d8c91b787ad337fd093", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the ancient Egyptian priest's name?", "id": "f341034f242f45d5af874d2b4eacaf0f", "answers": []}, {"question": "WHO is  the mistress of Pharaoh Seti I?", "id": "46ee59c8db794f5991534276c12b87ae", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who guides the band of American treasure hunters?", "id": "fe4cb0bae069401994db6005fdb23074", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who calls Helen back to the world of the living?", "id": "b0754c52c9f84124bc02c9394dfad28b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does the map lead?", "id": "9e4597ab3e2947c69c0c082776f7aafe", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the archaeological expedition led by?", "id": "3e5b5c71ee874c4cb7af86bec0c5b699", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nAs the film begins, Daisy Duck is talking to a p", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nAs the film begins, Daisy Duck is talking to a psychiatrist about an incident that occurred with her boyfriend, Donald. She recalls how they were walking through the park, passing by a skyscraper. On the 99th floor of the skyscraper is a potted flower, which falls and hits Donald on the head, knocking him out. When he comes to, he hears a voice in his head, telling him, \"You are the greatest singer in the world.\" He gets up, and proceeds to croon \"When You Wish upon a Star\" in a Sinatra-like voice. Daisy is stunned, but Donald coldly glances at her as though he does not recognize her. At that moment, a theatrical agent sweeps Donald into his window, causing the flower on his head to fall at Daisy's feet.She takes the flower home, as a way to remember her lost love. She sees Donald everywhere, hawking products and on marquees-- he has become a major celebrity. She almost drives herself insane, but eventually hears that Donald is playing at the Music City Radio Hall. She decides to go see him, but is greatly hindered by a massive crowd. Many months pass, during which Daisy has no success at being able to see Donald.One night, as she is going home, she runs into Donald on the street. She grovels at Donald's feet, but only succeeds in getting a dime thrown at her. She then comes back to the present, where she is talking to the psychiatrist about what happened. The psychiatrist concludes that the hit on the head from the flower pot is what caused Donald to change so radically. He offers to help, but warns her that Donald will no longer be successful if he changes back to normal. Daisy is eager to have him back, though, so the psychiatrist tells her to put the flower in another pot and drop it on Donald's head somehow. She agrees to this plan.That night, as Donald is performing, Daisy slips into the building through the back door. She makes her way past a sleeping security guard, and climbs up into the rafters, where she drops the pot on Donald. It hits him on the head, and he quickly reverts to his regular voice. He is booed off the stage and thrown out of the building, where Daisy is waiting for him. He is thrilled to see her, asking, \"Where have you been?\" They kiss as the film irises out.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "What fell on Donald's head?", "id": "d7b4a893dccc47d89f11865f26c02a2c", "answers": []}, {"question": "The dilemma the doctor offers daisy is for Donald to lose either her or what?", "id": "07d29c11c501443a90ef65b267e83769", "answers": []}, {"question": "Between Donald keeping her or the voice, which does Daisy choose for Donald to keep?", "id": "b33b5283034e4b8c9045f6bdf6a496ca", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Donald forget after his head injury?", "id": "4e16d5bb7d764d709b3fa8ab944fc998", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Donald sing like after he was injured?", "id": "2a017c70230b47edaa9b9505f3ca9ac5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\n\"Since the dawn of what became a legend, the mos", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\n\"Since the dawn of what became a legend, the most unimaginable is about to occur . This summer, experience the absolute conquest of all mankind. Beginning with one search. For the one and only. The chosen one. Descended from the heavens above. Welcome to Dragon Wars.\"A STORY THAT HAS BEEN LOST TO MANKIND...CONCEPT:\"Dragons are mythical, legendary creatures found in cultures throughout the world. However, the Imoogi possesses extraordinary powers that allow it to transform itself into a dynamic, powerful and sometimes demonic animal.In mythology, the Dragon is characterized as a divine governor of water and rain. People held sacrificial rites to the God of King Dragon to pray for rain or protection from deadly storms . These sacrificial rites also included prayers to the Imoogi because it had the ability to cause droughts by filling the skies with fire. There are still actual remnants around the cult-like shrines and prayer altars used to worship the Imoogi thousands of years ago.Yeouijoo, a symbol for Dragon, refers to a magical pearl possessing the power to grant any wish. Legend has it that an Imoogi can transform itself into a Dragon if it acquires the Yeouijoo .Every five hundred years, the Imoogi have the ability to become Dragons and, thereby, conquer the world by obtaining the magical Yeouijoo.The Yeouijoo is currently hidden in a young's girl's body. The culmination of the Imoogi's perseverance and determination promises to bring dramatic, devastating and inconceivable\nconsequences .By applying the legend of Imoogi to modern times, D-War is a film that invites us into a new and exceptional world full of suspense, thrill and fantasy !SYNOPSIS:In a small Korean village, five hundred years ago, a girl named Narin was born carrying the coveted Yeouijoo inside her. The Heavens sent the protector Bochun and his prot\u00e9g\u00e9 Haram, to ensure that when it came time, Narin was peacefully sacrificed to the\npre-determined Good Imoogi. Bochun vigorously trained Haram as a knight, to be prepared for the eventual day when Narin would be delivered to the Good Imoogi.\nThe day the Dark Imoogi, Buraki, and his army destroyed Narin's village looking for the Yeouijoo, Bochun instructed Haram to take her to the Good Imoogi.The young girl and her knight would then fulfill the giant's serpent's destiny by giving it the power to save the world and become a heavenly dragon. By this time, after spending several years together, Haram and Narin had fallen in love.\nUnable to sacrifice their love to the benevolent Imoogi, they jumped to their deaths together\nin each other's arms. The Good Imoogi's destiny was unfulfilled and he would have to wait\nanother five hundred years until the next Yeouijoo appears.It is now five hundred years later in present day Los Angeles and the quest for the Imoogi is reborn. Haram and Narin have been reincarnated as Ethan Kendrick and Sarah Daniels whose bond of love remains unsevered. Ethan is an investigative reporter for the local news. He is closely following a series of unexplainable disasters occurring in the area.\nWhen a young woman named Sarah is linked to those occurrences, Ethan remembers that an ancient man he met many years before had predicted all of these events . Ethan finds Sarah and helps her escape the wrath of Buraki and his army.\nAware that Sarah must sacrifice herself in order to save the city from the Buraki and ensure that the Good Imoogi becomes the Dragon, Ethan tries to convince Sarah that there is another way to battle the Imoogies. Meanwhile, the FBI agent on the case, Frank Campbell, has uncovered the Imoogies' intentions through his own investigations. Campbell is ready to sacrifice Sarah to the demonic animals to save Los Angeles.\nIn the face of chaos and destruction, Ethan and Sarah must decide their own fate - whether to defy the will of heaven once again and let the city be destroyed or deliver Sarah\nto the Good Imoogi. \"-----end( obtained from Younggu-Art by media liaison, Irene Nakano , in Seoul , Korea / e-mail: soongshil@gmail.com )\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Sarah promise to love?", "id": "fdee70b755414d709ae47ea082fe77e3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who attempts to save Sarah from Buraki?", "id": "f42c20a557ec48bbb67644f09025b495", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who invades the city bent on capturing Sarah?", "id": "a4b92906fd674a6184fdf5bddeaecd19", "answers": []}, {"question": "The story follows the adventures of Whom?", "id": "ef8c52b5566d4c88a0a8a42b61e13342", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "With only four days until the bar exam, an utterly", "paragraphs": [{"context": "With only four days until the bar exam, an utterly unprepared law intern, Rick Robinson (Ben Gourley), is given a rare opportunity to score points with his boss, Maxwell McAllister (Rutger Hauer) and without thinking, commits to a favor he cannot afford. Rick soon finds himself stuck in a grueling cross country road trip driving a rundown U-Haul truck carrying all his boss's worldly possessions. To make matters worse, he is left in charge of Mr. McAllister's bratty Hollywood-bound niece Michelle (Mila Kunis) and her out-of-control pet pig.\nThe trip from Miami to Los Angeles meets several snags. The truck breaks down on a backwoods road in the deep South, and Rick's clothes are burned by the hillbilly family providing them refuge for the night. Later, another breakdown results in Rick being knocked unconscious. He is rescued by a peculiar hitchhiker called Orlie (Jon Heder), who finds a motel room for him and Michelle. Orlie asks to accompany Rick and Michelle, and is accepted, as Rick believes he owes him a favor for his rescue. Michelle takes a shine to Orlie, and they proceed to have fun at Rick's expense.\nAfter Orlie forces Rick into an unusual encounter in a fast food restaurant lavatory, Rick decides to leave him behind. He and Michelle grow closer to one another, following a stop at a Texas beach. Rick permits Michelle to drive, despite the insurance liability, due to fatigue. He wakes to find Michelle has taken them to Wichita, Kansas and Rick's home. Consequently, Rick is forced into a painful confrontation with his mentally ill father, an experience for which Michelle apologizes. They grow even closer as Michelle relates her life growing up.\nThe pair travel to Colorado, where the truck runs out of gas. A semi in which Orlie is traveling as a passenger comes to their aid. Following a stop in a small town, the truck (and Michelle's pig) is stolen by men working for local crime boss \"The Lady\" (Billy Drago). The Lady forces Rick and Orlie to fight in a cage match before he returns the truck, impressed by the show they put on. Crossing into Utah, Orlie spots a landscape that matches a drawing in his notebook. He believes that he has switched bodies as some past moment when he was near death, and believes that the person now occupying his body will arrive here. A switch can then take place. Orlie leaves Rick and Michelle, telling them to keep going.\nAs the window for Rick to safely arrive back in Miami for the bar exam narrows, he rejects Michelle's assertions that there is something special between them. Rick drives straight to Los Angeles, arriving in Malibu where Mr. McAllister is waiting for them at his beachside property. He states that Rick has arrived late, but does not appear overtly concerned. Realizing he must hurry to fly back to Miami, Rick rushes to the taxi McAllister has arranged for him, leaving Michelle asleep in the truck.\nAt the airport security checkpoint, Rick realizes he is making a terrible mistake as he observes the Polaroid photos Michelle has snapped throughout their trip. Knowing he is meant to be with Michelle, he scrambles out of the airport and returns to Malibu. Finding Mr. McAllister, Rick confesses his feelings for Michelle. McAllister, having heard similar sentiments from Michelle regarding Rick, thanks him for returning and asks him to take care of her. McAllister adds that his law firm will be opening a Los Angeles branch. The movie ends as Rick reunites with Michelle on the beach, and a man approaches Orlie back in Utah.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Where is Rick helping the niece move from?", "id": "3286a472a81d4f6f932d36471938f351", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Rick's boss?", "id": "c4bb807aacd04aa3812e353da5f1833c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThis film is based on the popular pulp novel ser", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThis film is based on the popular pulp novel series Perry Rhodan. The story begins with the spacecraft Stardust being launched from Earth to explore the moon in an attempt to discover new deposits of a new element, much more powerful than Uranium or any other source of energy ever discovered. The plot takes a split approach with the Stardust being taken over by a mysterious force, causing it to land on the Dark side of the Moon, and out of contact with Earth. Meanwhile on earth, an organized crime boss has planted an agent amongst the crew of the Stardust to attampt to take the energy source somhow, if it is found. Soon Perry Rhodan and his crew discover an alien starship which has had to make an emergency landing on the Moon due to technical problems. The ship is commanded by the Alien Crest and the beautiful captain Thora. They are informed that Crest, one of the last great scientists of their dying civilization is very ill.The Stardust's Doctor is asked to examine Crest and he does, and discovers Crest has Lukemia. There is hope however. The Doctor knows of a researcher on Earth who has developed a cure for Lukemia. The crew of the Stardust are brought along in a smaller but very capable emergency craft, to Earth, in an attempt to enlist the Researchers aid to cure crest. What they don't know however is that the spy has informed the crimelord about the mission, and a trap has been set to capture Crest and the Arkonide ship on the moon. There is a lot of true 60s style action as a General who discovered the pilot ship on earth, attempts to capture it to no avail. Afterwards Major Rhodan and his co-pilot seek out and recruit the fake researcher who promptly attempts to take over the Arkonite ship. The crimelord is defeated however, with the aid of the robots that the Arrkonites use to run the day to day operations of their ships, and the real researcher is rescued and cures Crest. The final segment has Major Perry Rhodan rescuing Thora, who had been temporarily captured by the crimelord. At the end, the very militant and strong willed Thora falls for Major Rhodan's charms and the two races (after curing Crest) look forward to a long and trusted partnership.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the expeditions commander?", "id": "6a0b3e6698744228916bc4a7a4a8c196", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film begins in Sicily in 1940 during World War", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film begins in Sicily in 1940 during World War II just as Italy enters the war. A young boy, 12-year-old Renato, experiences three major events in one day: First, Italy goes to war; second, he gets a new bike; and third, he first sees the beautiful lady, Malena. Malena's husband, Nino Scordia, has been taken away to fight in Africa and Malena is left alone with her father, an elderly and almost-deaf man. Malena tries to cope with her loneliness, as the town she has moved to tries to deal with this beautiful woman who gets the attention of all the local men, including Renato. However, in spite of the gossip, she continues to be faithful to her husband. Renato becomes obsessed with Malena and starts fantasizing about her. His fantasies become increasingly elaborate and he becomes obsessed with the shy young woman, peeping in her window often as she waits sadly for her beloved husband to return. Renato eventually steals Malena's underwear and begins to fantasize about her in bed, to the horror of his parents. They do everything to stop his behavior, but it is all in vain.\nMalena soon receives word that her husband has been killed and her grief consumes her. Renato continues to watch Malena as she suffers from grief. Malena is shunned by the townspeople who begin to believe the worst about her, simply because of her beauty. Women spread terrible rumors and men encourage the rumors by lurking around the poor widow, who does nothing to defend herself; she just wants to be left alone.\nShe visits her father regularly and helps him with his chores, but when a slanderous letter reaches his hands, their relationship suffers a catastrophic blow. Things only get worse when the wife of the local dentist takes Malena to court, accusing her of having an affair with her husband, but Malena is acquitted. The Court is told that Malena is being harassed for being beautiful, as other ladies feel insecure and threatened by her. The only man that the lonely and sad Malena has a romance with, an army officer, is sent away after saying he and Malena were \"just friends\". The betrayal cuts deeply, but Malena says nothing to condemn the officer. After her acquittal, Malena's lawyer Centorbi comes to her home and asks for a dance and during the dance, using her unpaid legal fee as leverage, rapes her while Renato peeps in from outside her house.\nRenato increasingly sees himself as Malena's protector, but he does not even realize that his views of her are little better than those of the townspeople. While he asks God to protect her and personally performs little acts of vengeance against those who slander Malena, he takes no time to realize how Malena herself feels. He even rationalizes the rape as a choice Malena made to pay her legal fee.\nMeanwhile, the war reaches Sicily and the town is bombed. Malena's father dies and she is left completely alone. Desperate for food, Malena's poverty finally forces her to become a prostitute. She cuts off her long black hair and begins to dress provocatively. When the German army comes to town, Malena gives herself to Germans as well. The townspeople smugly watch as she is forced into the role of whore; they are almost more content now than when she was a virtuous young wife. Renato sees her in the company of two German officers and faints. His mother and the older ladies think that he has been possessed and take him to church for an exorcism. His father, however, takes him to a brothel; Renato has sex with one of the prostitutes while fantasizing that she is Malena.\nAs Sicily is liberated by the Americans in 1943, the women gather and publicly beat and humiliate Malena viciously, forcefully shaving her hair and stripping her in the square. A depressed Malena leaves for Messina to escape further persecution. A few days later, Nino Scordia, Malena's husband, returns looking for her, to the shock of all the residents. He finds his house occupied by people displaced by the war and nobody willing to tell him what became of his wife", "qas": [{"question": "During which war is the movie set?", "id": "857c8040286744b99b0168fa35c60c96", "answers": []}, {"question": "How old is Renato at the beginning of the film?", "id": "bb9ad30681dc4597a41b47f26f4c8974", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\n[[Hrothgar]], king of Danelands, and a group of ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\n[[Hrothgar]], king of Danelands, and a group of mounted and helmeted warriors chase a large and burly man, whom they consider a monstrous [[troll]], and his young son across a large open field until father and son find themselves on the edge of deep cliff overlooking a beach and a large sea. The father directs his young son, [[Grendel]], to climb down and hide from the attackers' view. The Danes shoot the father dead with their arrows and his dead body plunges down onto the beach far below. The Danish king walks towards the cliff edge and sees the young Grendel hanging but chooses to spare him.Later, Grendel is on the beach below and finds his father's body. After failing to move the large and heavy corpse, the boy takes a sword and cuts the head off to take it home.Many years later, the severed (and mummified) head is inside a cave where the boy Grendel has grown up to be as large and burly as his father. Grendel bloodies his own forehead with stones to express his vengeful anger towards the Danes and the beginning of his own murderous campaign of revenge.When Hrothgar finds twenty of his warriors killed inside his great hall, the Danish king falls into a depression. [[Beowulf (hero)|Beowulf]], with the permission of [[Hygelac]], king of [[G\u00f6taland|Geatland]], sails to Daneland with thirteen Geats on a mission to slay Grendel for Hrothgar.The arrival of Beowulf and his warriors is welcomed by Hrothgar, but the king's village has fallen into a deep despair and many of the pagan villagers convert to Christianity at the urging of an [[Irish monk]]. While Grendel does go into Hrothgar's village during the night, he flees rather than fight.Beowulf learns more about Grendel from Selma the witch and seer, who tells Beowulf that Grendel will not fight him because Beowulf has committed no wrong against him. A villager, recently baptized and thus now unafraid of death, leads Beowulf and his men to the cliff above Grendel's cave, but without a rope they are afraid to die descending to the cave itself, and turn back without even seeing the cave. When that villager is found broken and dead, Beowulf and his men return with a rope and gain entry to Grendel's secret cave. Grendel being absent, one of Beowulf's vengeful men mutilates the mummified head and shrine of Grendel's slain father.That night, Grendel attacks Beowulf and his men while they sleep in Hrothgar's great hall, killing the Geat who desecrated his father's head and then, revenge satisfied, leaps out from the second story, but is caught in a trap by Beowulf, leaving Grendel hanging by his right arm. Grendel, refusing capture, escapes by hacking off his own arm. Grendel, bleeding severely, manages to reach the same beach where he had once found his father's slain corpse and wades into the water, where he dies, his body claimed by a mysterious webbed hand. Hrothgar admits to Beowulf that he had killed Grendel's father for stealing a fish but had spared the child-troll Grendel out of pity.There is great celebration in the hall of Hrothgar, and the king's mood has been livened up by the defeat of Grendel, whose severed arm is kept by the Danes as a trophy.In revealing more about Grendel's nature, Selma recounts how Grendel had once visited her hut and clumsily raped her and has protected her since that day, troubling Beowulf all the more. Yet that does not stop him from moving forward to kiss Selma, who deftly slaps him for tying her up earlier in the film, which he did in an attempt to get her to lead him to Grendel. Nevertheless, she then pulls his head forward and kisses him, quickly initiating and taking the lead in their lovemaking as she straddles him down on her bed.The Danes are later attacked by [[Grendel's mother]], the Sea Hag. Beowulf finds her lair, where she placed Grendel's dead body along with a pile of treasure, and slays Grendel's mother with ", "qas": [{"question": "Who was raped by Grendel?", "id": "ecba97220cf4416b957c93cfb50ee9ba", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the King of Geatland?", "id": "c8335d3842bd45fdbfa6cd655df19def", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Beowulf bury with ceremony?", "id": "f1e22120eed5492392d75bfb66dc9bd3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is caught in a trap by Beowulf?", "id": "ebb768f2ccab4fbda6a206f3322802bb", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many of his warriors does Hrothgar find killed?", "id": "6a90f4f337e345839b6bc3659168a4ef", "answers": []}, {"question": "Hrothgar and his men chase someone chase a large man they believe to be what?", "id": "059910837b8948c8969fdcd300883c4e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who admits to Beowulf that he had killed Grendel's father?", "id": "6e560f10a9da4d289c0bef204908946e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What have many of the pagan villagers converted to?", "id": "dd03897b29b449cca3ec06eaad2e72dc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Grendel's mother?", "id": "9ad6d64f8821415ea481bcfce8bf88a2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does the king spare?", "id": "745974b774c04c3587e86d51a9607f5a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nTwo divers are photographing the wreck of the Or", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nTwo divers are photographing the wreck of the Orca, Quint's boat from the first film, and are suddenly attacked and killed by a large great white shark, but not before one of the divers' camera gets a photo of the shark's eye. The shark later prowls the coastal waters of Amity Island, killing a female water skier. The female driver of the speedboat tries to defend herself by first throwing a gasoline tank at the shark (accidentally spilling some on herself) and then igniting the fuel with a flare gun. The fire ignites the gas tank and the speedboat explodes, killing the driver and leaving the shark heavily scarred on the right side of his head.In addition to these incidents, a dead killer whale is beached at a nearby lighthouse with large wounds all over its body, which Police Chief Martin Brody (Roy Scheider) suggests were caused by a great white shark. Once again, Mayor Vaughn (Murray Hamilton) doesn't share Brody's belief that the town has another shark problem and warns him not to do something hasty. Later, Brody spots a section of a ruined speedboat bobbing in the surf just off the beach. When he goes to retrieve it, he encounters the burnt remains of the female speedboat driver.Brody angrily grounds his son Mike (Mark Gruner) because of his reluctance to find a summer job, preferring to go sailing every day, and gives him a job at the beach. The following day, while Brody is in an observation tower, he sees a large shadow produced by a school of bluefish, which he mistakes for a shark. In his haste, Brody orders everyone out of the water and fires his gun, causing a panic. Later that evening, he receives the photo of the shark's eye, taken by one of the attacked divers. Brody shows it to Vaughn and his Townsmen, but they refuse to accept the evidence put in front of them. Len Peterson (Joseph Mascolo) (who has built a new resort in Amity to attract people) and the town council fire Brody for the beach incident, with Mayor Vaughn being the only one to vote against dismissal, and promote Deputy Hendricks (Jeffrey Kramer) to Brody's position.The next morning, Mike sneaks out and goes sailing with his friends, but has to take his young brother Sean (Mark Gilpin) along to stop him telling his parents about Mike's trip. Later, they go past a group of divers led by Tom Andrews (Barry Coe). Tom encounters the shark minutes after entering the water to catch lobsters and escapes, but suffers an embolism due to rushing to the surface too fast. Tina (Ann Dusenberry) and Eddie (Gary Dubin) later encounter the shark when he smashes into their sailboat, devouring Eddie and leaving Tina terrified and alone.Brody and his wife Ellen (Lorraine Gary) find the panicked diver being put into an ambulance, and Brody suspects that something must have scared him to make him come up so fast. Hendricks informs Brody that Mike has gone out sailing to the lighthouse with his friends, so Brody insists on taking the police launch to rescue them, with Ellen and Hendricks both joining him. They find Tina's boat, with Tina hiding in the hull, who confirms Brody's suspicions about the shark in the area. Hendricks and Ellen take Tina ashore in a passing boat, while Brody continues to search for the teenagers using the police launch.All seems well with the other teenagers, until the shark appears, smashing into one of their sail boats, causing panic and their boats to collide with each other. Mike is knocked unconscious and is pulled out of the water just as the shark appears; two friends take him back to the shore for help. The rest of the teens remain floating on the wreckage of tangled boats, drifting out toward the open sea. A Harbor Patrol marine helicopter arrives and a line is rigged to tow the boats to shore, but before the pilot can tow them, the shark attacks the chopper causing it to crash into the water. Sean also falls into the water, but is quickly saved by Marge (Martha Swatek)", "qas": [{"question": "What confirmed Brody's suspicions?", "id": "e675bfe122f3443db69623f0b1f90e21", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who sacrifices their self to save Sean?", "id": "d1ca98e2e1394b02b3f46c0c910a227f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What did Brody do when he thought he saw a shark?", "id": "cd65cfa8ac644f50b7653237e8969609", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was Brody's wifes name?", "id": "8af4f8d9679543be9ddd951c3a82b9b8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was police chief?", "id": "4c52090426034a6ea923a7841fc0f798", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who gets trapped on the boats?", "id": "ff074e5b2433448d98f38b2e46343abb", "answers": []}, {"question": "What wreck are the divers photographing when they are ambushed by the shark?", "id": "3003fac5064c4bbda92628fe47b833cb", "answers": []}, {"question": "What type of vehicle did Brody and Ellen follow to the docks?", "id": "bd7f4e94127f4952ab43e2e4d28096d0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was mayor?", "id": "d5b46ee4fb39478eb6564c6d71ed378d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who gets thrown into the  water?", "id": "0924af769c5746ebad54eeebe8af5770", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Brody's teenage son?", "id": "9b81a8e07e2645c0a17e5d347ff902c4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe spin-off movie focuses on Matt Stifler (Tad ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe spin-off movie focuses on Matt Stifler (Tad Hilgenbrinck), the younger brother of Steve Stifler from the previous American Pie films. Matt is eager to enter the family business of making porno films, so he can prove to his older brother that he is \"up to the standards of the Stifmeister.\" Stifler and his friends play a prank on the band students during the seniors' graduation ceremony by spraying pepper spray on the mouthpieces of the band's instruments. Matt narrowly escapes getting caught and stows the can of pepper spray in his front pocket, which subsequently leaks onto his genitals. The band members begin to play \"Pomp and Circumstance\", only to become too irritated by the pepper spray to continue. During the commotion, one of the students trips and pulls down the back curtain, which reveals Matt, who is washing his pepper-spray-soaked genitals in a drinking fountain, in front of the whole school.The band leader Elyse Houston (Arielle Kebbel) demands that Stifler be punished for ruining their performance, stating that he always gets away with his pranks because he is the school's star football player. The school's guidance counselor Chuck Sherman (\"The Sherminator\") (played by Chris Owen from the original American Pie films) decides that a worthwhile punishment would be for Stifler to attend band camp, in the hopes that he would make friends with the \"bandies\" and not follow in the footsteps of his much-hated brother.When first arriving, Matt is very disrespectful to the rules and also everyone at Tall Oaks and gets his band group in trouble. He is sent to the office of Noah Levenstein (Jim's father) (Eugene Levy), who works as the camp MACRO (Morale and Conflict Resolution Officer; he's filling in for Michelle as she is now pregnant), recommends that he try to fit in and earn the band's trust, which is the last thing that Matt wants to do. However, a phone call from a friend, who says that earning their trust will get him better footage for his video, inspires Matt to be much more respectful and humble towards the band.Matt finds out that his dorky roommate Ernie Kapolwitz (Jason Earles) has an extensive knowledge of spy cameras and technology, so Matt agrees to let him help with the filming, making his first friend at Tall Oaks. As Matt \"is earning the band's trust\" he gets into a big confrontation with their rival band leader, Brandon Van der Camp (Matt Barr), and even goes as far as to accept a duel challenge made by him, having no idea what a \"duel\" is.It turns out that a duel is the two performers showing off their music skills, with Brandon playing the snare drum, and Matt playing the triangle. Throughout the majority of the competition it seems that Brandon is the heavy favourite; during Brandon's second round of performing, Matt walks away humiliated. As Brandon is about to be declared the official winner, Matt comes back playing the bagpipes to the tune of 'Play That Funky Music' showing that he is actually a decent player, surprising everyone, including Elyse, who is pleasantly surprised by Matt's performance.As Matt is still recording the various happenings at the camp, he gradually becomes friends with some of the band members from his school. He gains some respect from Ernie after Matt sets him up on a date with tattooed bandmate Chloe (Crystle Lightning). Matt starts falling for Elyse, who is revealed to have been a friend of Matt's in 8th grade but had a falling out after Matt started hanging around with Steve and his friends and acting like The Stifmeister. Matt is eventually caught with his movies, and his once-friends want nothing more to do with him.After another talk with Jim's Dad, Matt comes to realize that his brother is not as great or cool as he once thought and that following in his footsteps is not a good idea, so he deletes all the videos he recorded at band camp. He even enlists the help of the band to help Elyse get the band scholarship that Stifler ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Matt duel?", "id": "e64fd16b3d264d54a96456a1a42a080e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was disqualified for plagiarism?", "id": "714d5d88c8be4947ad8252064ae868a6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Jim's dad?", "id": "c83cd2f860fc4080b93524516f5f6e51", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the younger brother of Steve Stifler?", "id": "5c882720e3724f6ab716ffb015527e9e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is eager to enter the family business of making porn films?", "id": "0e13e4de36b6410086fb4615f9745a4c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who lost a chance at a scholarship?", "id": "208975999a1a4b1c946683a690fb1b08", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who are extremely disrespectful to the rules at Tall Oaks ?", "id": "f31dcacec9a948c0b8d79df431dac6f7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn 1957, when second-graders Bryce Loski and Jul", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn 1957, when second-graders Bryce Loski and Julianna \"Juli\" Baker first meet, Juli knows it's love, but Bryce isn't so sure. Girl-phobic and easily embarrassed, young Bryce does everything he can to keep away as much as possible from Juli for the next six years, which isn't easy since they go to the same school and live across the street from each other. When they start the sixth grade, Bryce hopes that he can get rid of Juli so he asks the girl Juli hates the most, Shelly Stalls, out on a date. This plan of Bryce's works for a while up until his best friend, Garrett, takes an interest in Shelly and tells her the truth about Bryce asking her out. Juli finds out Bryce and Shelly break up; she goes back to her regular Bryce-obsessed self.From Juli's point of view, when she and Bryce first met, he returned her feelings but was just shy and embarrassed. When he \"held her hand\" she thought she would get her first kiss from him in the second grade. Juli knew that she was flipped from then on. After finding out that Bryce and Shelly broke up, she thought she could have her old Bryce back. She spent the whole year smelling his watermelon-scented hair and wondering if she'd ever get her kiss.In 1963, now in seventh grade, Bryce's grandfather Chet Duncan moves in with the family. Chet finds Juli different, special, and a rare kind of girl who's hard to come across. He continues to tell Bryce this with hope. There's a large, old sycamore tree that Juli loves which no one understands. One day, it's cut down by the owner in spite of Juli's protest and dismay. Her voice narrates her love for the tree that let her see the world in a much more enlightened way.Chet and Juli form a strong friendship over time while he helps her work on her messy lawn. Bryce begins to develop feelings for Juli just as Juli begins to question her feelings about Bryce. Her feelings completely disappear when she overhears him and Garrett talking about her mentally challenged uncle, and sees him throwing away the eggs she gave him. Juli tells Bryce she never wants to speak to him again when she and her family get invited to the Loski's house for a sit down dinner which ends up with Bryce's dad being considerably rude to her family. At the dinner she confronts him about what Bryce said about her uncle and tells him she doesn't want to speak to him again, not ever. During dinner, they sit opposite each other, she never talks or makes eye contact with him. After dinner she apologizes for the way she acted. Bryce is upset that she apologizes, because that means that she doesn't care enough to hold a grudge.She continues to have mixed feelings when the basket boy auction is just around the corner. She hears that Shelly is planning to bid on Bryce against another one of the school's \"finest\" girls. Bryce thinks that Juli is planning on bidding for him because he hears she walked in with a wad of cash (which she wasn't planning on having with her). Bryce begins to worry about what would happen if she does bid for him just when she bids all her cash on basket boy number eight, the boy before Bryce.Later, during the basket boy bidding lunch, Bryce and Shelly sit at a table across from Juli and basket boy number 8, Eddie Trulock. She's facing Bryce and he can't help but stare at Juli the whole time. He sees she's having a good time with her date and gets jealous. He grabs her to talk to her and attempts to kiss her in front of everyone. He chases her after she dodges his kiss. Juli gets on her bike and cycles as fast as she can home. Garrett chases after him, and the two break off their friendship after a confrontation.Juli bikes home crying. Bryce continuously tries to talk to her, ringing the doorbell, calling her house, coming to her bedroom ", "qas": [{"question": "What does Bryce throw away?", "id": "7f23bdb6529140d5a29fde920cc394df", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Juli despise?", "id": "d258c4e0456a4b1f967d37a382f99bf6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Chet help Juli with?", "id": "dd6d6a7f6123467980e120dd079a3413", "answers": []}, {"question": "When does Bryce's grandfather move in with the family?", "id": "799a3c8b2d73404db80a33a9f84537b0", "answers": []}, {"question": "After dinner, what does Jill do?", "id": "df09a5e3728348d7a2d20b6e94335f84", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Bryce's grrandfather?", "id": "1ff2d9645b3041658afcd6e1c768a4a2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Julie bid on?", "id": "54b4d779a2ca4f6a89a606c940165e5d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Bryce plant in Juli's front yard?", "id": "12b21e74c0b04b6a8c33e4a35b5dfbf2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Bryce's best friend?", "id": "6d574db648614b359d7b15c1cb3a4cab", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who tries to talk to Juli?", "id": "a446171fea5746c28e9b56bf95181762", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Bryce think will bid on him?", "id": "d73285eb921a44d1a59f2a61a0546062", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This article needs an improved plot summary. (Nove", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This article needs an improved plot summary. (November 2015)\nThe Cake Eaters is a small-town, ensemble drama that explores the lives of two interconnected families coming to terms with love in the face of loss. Living in rural America, the Kimbrough family are a conflicted bunch: Easy, the patriarch and local butcher, is grieving over the recent loss of his wife, Ceci, while hiding a secret ongoing affair for years; Beagle, his youngest son who was left to care for his ailing mother, works in the local high school cafeteria by day but has a burning passion inside that manifests itself through painting street signs; and the eldest son, Guy, has been away from the family for years while pursuing his rock star dream in the big city until the day he learns of his mother's death and that he has missed the funeral.\nUpon Guy's return home, relationships between the characters begin to unravel: Beagle's pent up emotions connect with Georgia Kaminski, a terminally ill teenage girl wanting to experience love before it is too late; Easy's long-time affair with Marg, Georgia's eccentric grandmother, is finally exposed to the Kimbrough children; and Guy discovers that in his absence his high school sweetheart, Stephanie, has moved on and started a family of her own. Consequently, The Kimbroughs and Kaminskis manage to establish new beginnings in facing their varied relationships.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the terminally ill teenage girl?", "id": "e95f891fb04f498f9ac060b7635cb89e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the name of the patriarch's wife?", "id": "fece779f07ae4ca2a1de43b35565822b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where was Guy during his mothers funeral?", "id": "dbbf079a5fa9416cb7ce8448a03ae85b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Beagle work?", "id": "f8254c60fc694e7a871d39d7de961878", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Easy's eldest son?", "id": "d1297e42292b4abdb818751eac60f6b4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the patriarch of the Kimbrough family?", "id": "1b7825022d0045a29093c807e1159df1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Easy's wife?", "id": "126c74e012ae41a2a893d0beb52549aa", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Beagle like to paint?", "id": "be16c4c93bd94f398bde1b16411505fb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Easy's youngest son?", "id": "0dc7476d50634ea6a21365e488c9d075", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Paul Stanton (Mulroney) and his wife Diane (Diane ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Paul Stanton (Mulroney) and his wife Diane (Diane Kruger) are a couple whose daughter is dying from a rare degenerative lung condition. The only thing that can save her life is a lung transplant from an organ donor. The movie starts when the donated lung fails to arrive correctly. The movie goes back and forth between the present and the events leading up to it. In the present day, Paul goes to Juarez, Mexico to find a man called Dr. Navarro. After leaving his cell number at many local hospitals, somebody finally contacts Paul. In the past, Dr. Rubin (Arquette), who's treating their daughter (Stallard), had given them information regarding Paul's associate, Harrison (Shepard), who somehow managed to get an organ transplant for himself, possibly from the black market. Paul confronted Harrison and finally managed to get Dr. Navarro's name from him. Harrison told him that he was contacted by Navarro and he didn't know how to reach him.\nBack in the present day, Paul is ambushed by a couple of Navarro's guys that tell him to stay away. After an arduous search, Paul finally finds out that Dr. Navarro is actually Dr. Martinez (Perez) from a local hospital that he visited previously for his wounds. Paul confronts Martinez and asks him to find a lung donor for his daughter, who only has one week to live. Martinez agrees to help him for a $250,000 cash payment.\nThe next day, Martinez tells Paul that he has found a matching donor for his daughter. Paul tells Diane to go to Juarez and prepare their daughter for the transplant operation. Little does Paul know that the donor is actually a live person; Martinez and his men have planned a hit-and-run accident to get the lung implant from a local street boy. Paul discovers this fact and tells Diane about it. Diane tells him that she does not want to know where the donor comes from. Paul confronts Martinez at the operating table. Martinez tells Paul to make a choice: to go ahead with the operation or disband the operation knowing that they won't be able to find another match in time to save his daughter's life. The next scene shows Paul and Diane at their daughter's funeral. Diane gives Paul an accusing look blaming him for their daughter's death. Meanwhile, elsewhere, the local boy that was supposed to be the organ donor is alive and playing soccer with his friends.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the corrupt police officer?", "id": "462bfab630ef4e15bd4cd08365d243d1", "answers": []}, {"question": "What illegal operation is Dr. Navarro involved?", "id": "0ff601ea810f432cb82ba9675a8f5e01", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Paul contact when faced with the possibility of having to break the law to save his daughter's life?", "id": "d53e0a97f858471f943ad5deab6dc94f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Chloe need as a result of a rare degenerative disease?", "id": "e6f01c8d151d48499da2323bfda6fc06", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Dr. Navarro perform transplants?", "id": "54db9ec948a5466486239b1dfa4ddb56", "answers": []}, {"question": "Paul has how many daughters?", "id": "9cba3d601a84475780d9d366e66a1771", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nKate Forster is a Doctor in 2006, living alone i", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nKate Forster is a Doctor in 2006, living alone in Chicago. She has moved into an apartment after living in a house built next to a scenic lake in a secluded countryside area. She writes a letter to the next tenant asking that they forward any mail, and that the paw prints and the box in the attic have always been there. The tenant Alex Wyler reads the letter, but finds no paw prints, no box and no sign of life within the last 5 years, so disregards the letter until a few days later when he is redoing the paint on the handrails and a stray dog, whom Alex takes in and names Jack although the dog is female, trots through the brown paint and leaves its paw prints all the way to the front door. He writes to Kate asking more about these incidents and leaves the letter in the mail box.On Valentine's Day 2006, Kate visits the Lake House after having a gentleman die in her arms after being hit by a bus, but finds the Mail Box Flag is up. She reads Alex's letter and states her current address, also stating it is 2006, not 2004 from which Alex's letter arrives from. Alex attends her 'current address' but finds a construction site that won't be finished for another 18 months, and they both slowly realize they are communicating from two years apart, with only the Mailbox to communicate from.As Kate and Alex continue to correspond through the mailbox, they find themselves falling in love. Because Kate is in the future, she can tell Alex specific places to look for her in 2004. On one occasion, she asks Alex to bring her back something important (a gift from her father; her favorite novel by Jane Austen called Persuasion), which she left two years ago during a train station meeting with her then-beau, Morgan. Alex goes to the station and finds the item and sees Kate with long hair. Even though he has the item, he does not place it in the mailbox to return it to her. Instead, he says that he will return it to her personally, \"one way or the other.\" Alex sends her a personalized map of Chicago and takes her on a walking tour of his favorite places in the city one Saturday morning. He leaves her a loving message on a brick wall at the end written in 2004, that she sees in 2006. The message was \"Kate, I am here with you. thank you for spending this Saturday together\".In 2004, Mona, a young attractive assistant, is flirting with Alex but he ignores her advances. Alex's dog Jack runs off and leads Alex to a house in which Morgan and Kate are currently living. Alex talks with Morgan and eventually is invited to the birthday party Morgan is holding for Kate that evening. During the party, Alex and Kate dance together and share a romantic kiss, which is broken up by Morgan and Mona. Later, Kate and Alex discuss that night and Kate announces she liked him, and can remember what he looks like.Crisis enters Alex's life when his estranged father has a heart attack and shortly thereafter dies. Kate somehow discovers his death certificate at the time he dies. She rushes to the mailbox and as a gift to Alex, she places a book in the mailbox, which she says is a tribute to his father, a book that is not yet published in Alex's time.Determined to bridge the distance between them at last and unravel the mystery behind their extraordinary connection, they tempt fate by arranging to meet. Alex makes a reservation in 2004 for a date in 2006 at Il Mare, a fancy restaurant, but only Kate appears. Alex does not show up. The next day Kate writes Alex a letter telling Alex of this fact, but he doesn't understand. \"Something must have happened\" he responds. Kate retreats, believing she will never have happiness. She urges Alex to move on She tells him about Valentine's Day 2006 when a man died \"in her arms\", and that she needs to live her own life. She asks Alex not to contact her ", "qas": [{"question": "who drew the drawing of the lake house?", "id": "301e79debbf0423ba33aeaf6430aa793", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who dropped on knees?", "id": "4601073875a34757b0bc6be000cf98a7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Mystery, Inc. goes their separate ways after becom", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Mystery, Inc. goes their separate ways after becoming bored of mystery solving. Daphne Blake, along with Fred Jones, starts running a successful television series. Velma Dinkley becomes the proprietor of a mystery bookstore, and Scooby-Doo and his owner Shaggy Rogers bounce from job to job. For Daphne's birthday, Fred decides to get the gang back together for a road trip while Daphne is filming her show.\nAfter encountering a lot of fake monsters, the gang finally arrives in New Orleans. They are soon invited by a young woman named Lena Dupree to visit Moonscar Island, her employer's home, which is allegedly haunted by the ghost of the pirate Morgan Moonscar. Although the gang is skeptical, they go with Lena, to whom Fred has taken a fancy.\nOn the island, the gang meets Lena's employer Simone Lenoir as well as the ferryman Jacques and Simone's gardener Beau, to whom Daphne takes a fancy. They also meet Snakebite Scruggs, a ill-natured fisherman, and his hunting pig, Mojo. The gang sets out to prove that the \"ghost\" is a fake. Scooby and Shaggy are chased by Mojo and end up falling into a big hole, where they encounter the zombie of Morgan Moonscar. By the time the rest of gang comes to investigate, Moonscar isn't around.\nSimone invites the gang to her house to stay for the night. As the gang is dressing up for dinner, Shaggy sees the ghost of a Confederate colonel in the mirror; Simone explains that the island was a temporary headquarters for a Confederate regiment during the American Civil War. Due to Simone's cats, Scooby and Shaggy eat in the Mystery Machine, but find the food spicy and get some water from the lake, where an army of zombies emerge. Shaggy's bad driving gets the Mystery Machine stuck in the mud, forcing him and Scooby to flee on foot.\nFred and Daphne find the Mystery Machine, but no sign of Shaggy and Scooby. They argue about each other's supposed love interests and come across Scooby and Shaggy. They manage to capture a zombie, which is revealed to be real. As the zombies swarm around them, the gang splits in panic. Elsewhere, Scooby and Shaggy discover wax dolls that look like Fred, Velma, and Daphne, and they play with them, causing their friends to undertake a series of involuntary actions for a short time until they leave after disturbing a nest of bats.\nFred, Daphne, Velma, and Beau return to Simone's house and discover a secret passage under the staircase. They find Lena, who tells them that the zombies took Simone away. Fred, Daphne, Velma, Beau, and Lena find a secret chamber for voodoo rituals, where Velma finds footprints of Simone's heels and interrogates Lena about the story. Simone then appears, and she and Lena use voodoo dolls to trap the gang in the chamber. They reveal themselves to be evil cat creatures. Simone tells them that several centuries ago, she and Lena were part of a group of settlers who were devoted to a cat god. The vengeful Lena and Simone asked their cat god to curse pirates, who had chased the settlers into the bayou. Their wish was granted and they killed the pirates, but the curse caused the duo to become cat creatures permanently, requiring that they drain life forces to preserve their immortality. They also gave Jacques immortality so they had a ferryman to bring them more victims. The zombies' intent was to warn the gang to leave to escape their fate.\nJacques finds and chases Scooby and Shaggy to drain their lives, but they accidentally tumble into the cave, interrupting the draining ceremony and distracting the cat creatures. Velma quickly unties herself and creates voodoo dolls of Lena and Simone to interrupt their ritual. When they are finally cornered, the cat creatures' curse expires, causing them to disintegrate, freeing the zombies' souls to rest in peace. Beau is revealed to be an undercover police officer sent to investigate the disappearances on the island. Daphne offers Beau a chance to guest-star on her show and discuss the adventure. The next morning, ", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the haunted house that Lena Dupree invites the gang to.", "id": "f642d8fb59274471baf1f3e18db0b1d9", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Lena and Simone have to drain from their victims to get their immorality?", "id": "ee2c3e5a0776482c91e9f673f1a2b5a4", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the friendly ferry driver in the movie?", "id": "05dab62c694543ddb037e2d72dd0fdd4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In the 19th century, a Grande Dame (Jeanne Moreau)", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In the 19th century, a Grande Dame (Jeanne Moreau) summons The Brothers Grimm to her palace, where the brothers discuss their interpretation of the Cinderella story and notice a painting displayed in the room. The Grande Dame shows the brothers a glass slipper and tells them the story of Danielle de Barbarac, the true story of Cinderella. In 16th-century France, widower Auguste de Barbarac (Jeroen Krabb\u00c3\u00a9), father of eight-year-old Danielle, marries Rodmilla de Ghent (Anjelica Huston), a wealthy baroness with two young daughters, Marguerite and Jacqueline, but he dies of a heart attack shortly afterwards. Before dying, Auguste's last words are directed to Danielle, which causes the Baroness to envy Danielle and treat her miserably for the next ten years. While Marguerite (Megan Dodds) is hostile and cruel to Danielle, Jacqueline (Melanie Lynskey) is kinder and more respectful to her, though she often stays out of the crossfires to keep the peace. By the time Danielle (Drew Barrymore) is eighteen, the estate has fallen into decline, as the Baroness has no interest in farming and wishes to get back to court as soon as possible.\nDanielle has been reduced to a servant in her own home, waiting on her stepmother and stepsisters, and clinging to her father's last gift, a copy of Thomas More's Utopia. While collecting apples, Danielle sees a man stealing her father's horse and unseats him with an apple. When she recognizes he is Prince Henry (Dougray Scott), she abases herself. He gives her a bag of gold in exchange for her silence. She decides to use the money to rescue their servant, Maurice (Walter Sparrow), whom the Baroness has sold to pay her debts. Henry's escape from the duties of court is foiled when he encounters a band of gypsies robbing an old man. He learns that the old man is Leonardo da Vinci (Patrick Godfrey), who has been summoned to court. Henry chases a thief and returns the Mona Lisa to da Vinci, then returns with him. Meanwhile, Danielle dresses as a noblewoman and leaves to buy back Maurice, but the guards refuse, saying he is being deported to the Americas. She argues for his release and, when Henry overhears, he orders Maurice's release.\nIntrigued by Danielle's mysterious identity, and amazed by her eloquence and passionate pleas, he begs for her name. Danielle gives Henry the name of her mother, \"Comtesse Nicole de Lancret\", who died giving birth to Danielle. King Francis (Timothy West) and Queen Marie (Judy Parfitt) tell Henry that he must choose a bride before the upcoming masquerade ball, or he will have to wed the Spanish princess Gabriella. All the noble families receive an invitation and Danielle initially believes she is included. When collecting truffles, she meets Henry by the river in the company of da Vinci. Henry and Danielle engage in a lively debate before Danielle runs off after she notices Jacqueline searching for her. Henry invites her to visit the library of a nearby monastery. On the way home, they are ambushed by the gypsies, who are amused by Danielle's outrage and agree to release her with whatever she can carry. When she picks up Henry and begins to walk away, the gypsies offer them a horse. Henry and Danielle spend the night at the gypsy camp, sharing their first kiss and arranging to meet again.\nThe next morning, Danielle catches the Baroness and Marguerite stealing her mother's dress and slippers for Marguerite to wear to the ball. After Marguerite insults Danielle about her mother's death, she punches Marguerite in the face and chases her around the manor until Marguerite threatens to throw Utopia into the fireplace. Danielle returns her mother's slippers to the Baroness in exchange for the book but Marguerite burns it in the fire anyway in an act of spite. After Danielle is punished by whipping, Jacqueline tends to her wounds and condemns Marguerite for insulting Danielle's deceased mother. When Danielle meets Henry later, she wishes to tell him the truth, but is afraid he will reject her after he confesses his love. During ", "qas": [{"question": "who plays Jacqueline?", "id": "a7a9753d072f45dcaf64dbcaea228eab", "answers": []}, {"question": "who plays Henry?", "id": "795ef052cde24f6cad810b82db11d419", "answers": []}, {"question": "what is henry?", "id": "a75063f025a242dfa7325c616e9d101e", "answers": []}, {"question": "who plays King Francis?", "id": "f57ecc661dc3492e838f8c7e0aabc7da", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe plot is 24 hours in the life of a glamorous ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe plot is 24 hours in the life of a glamorous fashion photographer named Thomas (David Hemmings), inspired by the life of an actual \"Swinging London\" photographer, David Bailey.In the opening scene, Thomas wakes up after spending the night at a doss house where he has taken pictures for a book of art photos. He is late for a photo shoot with Veruschka von Lehndorff (playing herself) at his studio, which in turn makes him late for a shoot with other models later in the morning. He grows bored and walks off, leaving the models and production staff in the lurch. As he leaves the studio, two teenage girls who are aspiring models, a blond (Jane Birkin) and a dark-haired brunette (Gillian Hills) ask to speak with him, but the photographer drives off to look at an antiques shop.Wandering into Maryon Park, he takes photos of two lovers making out. The woman (Vanessa Redgrave) is furious at being photographed and demands that Thomas hand over the film, but he refuses. When she walks away to rejoin her boyfriend, he is gone and she runs away with Thomas taking photos of her as she runs.Thomas then meets his agent for lunch, and notices a man following him and looking into his car. Back at his studio, the mysterious woman from the park arrives asking for the film, but he refuses. The woman introduces herself as 'Jane' and tries to seduce Thomas by removing her top to entice him to hand over the film and negatives. Thomas agrees without going any further, but he deliberately hands Jane a different roll. She in turn writes down a telephone number to give to him.After Jane leaves, Thomas begins work on developing his photos that he took that day. His many enlargements of the black and white film are grainy but he finds something strange. In the Maryon Park photos, Thomas notices a figure hiding in the bushes near Jane and her boyfriend and upon enlarging them in a series of 'blow-up' shots, sees that it is a man with a gun (the same man he saw following him earlier). In the shots where Jane is running away with her back to the camera, Thomas also notices something on the ground in the distance. The blow-up shots of the blurred figure on the ground that Jane is running to appears to be a body in the grass. Thomas gets the feeling that he just witnessed the before and afterwards of a murder.Thomas is disturbed by a knock on the door, but it is only the two girls again, with whom he has a group-sex romp in his studio and falls asleep. Awakening, he finds they hope he will photograph them but he tells them to leave, saying, \"Tomorrow! Tomorrow!\"As evening falls, Thomas goes back to the park to investigate and finds a dead body (Jane's dead lover), but he has not brought his camera and is scared off by a twig breaking, as if being stepped on by someone unseen watching him. Thomas returns to his studio to find that someone (possibly Jane and her gunman accomplice) has broken into his place and all the negatives and prints from the park are gone except for one large, very grainy blowup showing the body (which proves nothing). He tries to call the phone number Jane gave him, but learns from the operator that the number does not exist.After driving into town, Thomas sees Jane walking alone on a sidewalk and he pulls his car over and follows her on foot into a night club where The Yardbirds, featuring both Jimmy Page and Jeff Beck on guitar, are seen playing. Thomas moves to confront Jane, but she sees him and runs. Thomas loses her on the crowded street.Thomas then goes to a drug-drenched party in a house on the Thames near central London. He finds a strung-out Veruschka, who had told him that she was going to Paris, and when confronted, she says she is in Paris. Thomas then meets his agent Ron (Peter Bowles), whom he wants to bring to the park ", "qas": [{"question": "what did the photographer not bring with him?", "id": "506006fc92cd47548ac8b06fd72cf23f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Thomas drive off to look at?", "id": "484c6ba10b1a43cdb44cc2e7cef80b17", "answers": []}, {"question": "what does the photographer find in the park?", "id": "92ed3f4c3807482d864e2bbf67c5febe", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Thomas late for his photo shoot with?", "id": "a24674f532694534bdf9969c6fbacbe6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who writes down a false telephone number?", "id": "4235aaf1522e432394d3ada4fd291864", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is furious at being photographed?", "id": "36d686a934824f379d16df1eeb35b8a6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Thomas take a photo of two lovers?", "id": "fed6a4225fec4be9860eb86d4e9e99fa", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Thomas's profession?", "id": "33c7802999304816a5a08bc7b2f2d533", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe movie opens with spoofing \"Armageddon\" and \"", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe movie opens with spoofing \"Armageddon\" and \"10,000 B.C.\"\nIn the year 10,001 B.C., a caveman Will (Matt Lanter) runs away from a mammoth before getting in a fight with Wolf (Ike Barinholtz). He then encounters a saber-toothed, gasoline-drinking Amy Winehouse (Nicole Parker), who informs him that the world will end on August 29, 2008 (which was the film's opening day and Michael Jackson's 50th birthday), revealing their fate laying in a crystal skull \"Indiana Jones\". The film flash-forwards to the present, where Will apparently dreamed all of this. He then finds out that his girlfriend, Amy (Vanessa Minnillo), is having an affair with Flavor Flav (Abe Spigner) and the two break up with Will not admitting his true feelings for her.Later that day, Will has a \"Sweet Sixteen\" party at his house, despite the fact that he's 25. Among the guests are Juney (Crista Flanagan) spoof of \"Juno\" and Will's best friend Calvin (Gary \"G-Thang\" Johnson), who attempts to curve a bullet around the room \"Wanted\" to stop Seth and McLover \"Superbad\" (Noah Harpster and Austin Scott) from stealing the alcohol, accidentally killing \"Dr. Phil\" (John Di Domenico), Anton Chigurh (Barinholtz), and the Beautiful Assassin (Carmen Electra) in the process. By then, Amy arrives with her new boyfriend, an underwear model (Nick Steele), before the \"High School Musical\" number is performed with cameos by an off-key Jessica Simpson (Parker) and Justin Timberlake (Jonas Neal).However, the party comes to a halt when the lights go out as the room shakes and a bulletin on the radio claims that it is the end of the world. Will, Juney, Calvin and his girlfriend Lisa (Kim Kardashian) go outside during a meteor shower and find that \"Hannah Montana\" (Flanagan) has been crushed by a meteor and, even when caught between life and death, is still promoting her merchandise until her wig falls off, revealing her as Miley Cyrus before she finally dies. While this occurred, a kid (Ty Wesley) wakes up \"Hancock\" (Walter Harris) and mouths at him to go save the world, only to be knocked away as Hancock tries to flee the city but hits his head on a streetlight and knocks himself out. Soon after, the city starts to freeze over, and the group retreats to a garage for shelter. They meet the \"Sex and the City\" girls, who claim to have first grabs and Juney beats a drag queen version of Carrie Bradshaw (Jason Boegh) for the garage \"Don't Mess With The Zohan\". After discussing global warming, Calvin says that he is cold and suggests they take their clothes off. Only the girls take their clothes off, and the guys stare in awe until Juney's water broke.Later, Will has a dream where he is a \"Jumper\" and accidentally impales himself on Prince Caspian's (Barinholtz) sword (Caspian identifies him as \"the guy who ruined Star Wars\"; also a reference to Matt Lanter's voice role as Anakin Skywalker in the 2008 CGI Clone Wars television series). After Will's dream ended and he was chided for not even trying to commit to his relationship, the gang leaves the garage and Will gets a call from Amy, admitting his feelings for her before he decides to get to her as Lisa gets killed by a meteor. While the others comfort a distraught Calvin, the \"Enchanted\" Princess climbs out of a manhole and gets hit by a taxi, with Calvin catching her as they immediately fall in love with each other. Juney guesses she's a princess thrown out of her kingdom by an evil witch, the Princess explains that she's a \"demented homeless chick who lives in the sewers\" due to consuming \"lots and lots and lots of mind-altering, enchanting drugs!\" After getting into a dance off with the Princess's Princely pimp dancing to Sizzle C's 'I Like ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Will have feelings for?", "id": "5e736adabdb84643b411cb1f0ad2d6a8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does their fate lie in?", "id": "b26730bf6afb498983d29866773b99f5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who puts the Crystal Skull on the altar?", "id": "e5674d3cf6104500991a76ce79da7d2a", "answers": []}, {"question": "When will the world end?", "id": "847cd040dc76413eb028c69002b3481c", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kills Lisa?", "id": "1d0f3f827c04496da89d3182af52dafd", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do they go for shelter?", "id": "04242da10d82477c92ecb9051e957e92", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Calvin's relationship to Will?", "id": "1daec67eab284bcaa78e72bcabed70c0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Amy having an affair with?", "id": "451bccf8ddd445f2891c40a1abe7f62b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nSam Gillen (Van Damme) is a convict who gets spr", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nSam Gillen (Van Damme) is a convict who gets sprung from Federal custody somewhere in the Midwest by his bank-robbing partner. In their last heist, Sam's partner killed a bank guard, and Sam took the rap for it. Sam's partner gets killed in the break, forcing Sam to go it alone in search of the loot, which is buried on the property of a farm inhabited by Clydie Anderson (Arquette), the widowed mother of two kids named Mike \"Mookie\" Anderson and Bree Anderson.Attempting to sneak into Clydie's house and \"borrow\" some salt for a campfire-broiled steak, Sam catches sight of Clydie taking a shower. The next morning, Sam is spotted bathing outdoors by Mookie. After saving Clydie, Mookie, and Bree from a trio of intruding thugs, Sam discovers that Clydie is holding out from selling her place to property developer Franklin Hale, who fears that he will be put out of business if he doesn't get Clydie's land so he can develop on it.Sam decides to hang around, sleeping first in Clydie's barn and then in her bed while repairing her late husband's Triumph motorcycle. And Hale hires an intimidation expert named Dunston, to force Clydie into selling her land. Secretly on Hale's payroll is corrupt sheriff Lonnie Cole, a sometime lover of Clydie.A jealous Lonnie discovers Sam's true identity and threatens to expose him if he doesn't leave. Not wanting to place Clydie in additional danger for helping a fugitive, Sam decides to leave, only to find that Hale has already blown the whistle on him in an attempt to get him out of the way. After evading police chasing him in cars, land rovers, helicopters, and on motorcycles and horseback, Sam returns to save Clydie from Dunston and Hale, who are planning to burn down her house.After fighting off the bad guys and getting Hale caught holding a gun to Clydie's head, he decides to turn himself in, rather than run away. He promises to be back to live with them.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Sam catch sight of taking a shower ?", "id": "6112cc9792e647fd9fa322941070431a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who spots Sam bathing outdoors ?", "id": "625fcaacc4724317b07a0b3033caf4d1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Sam's partner kill?", "id": "be14cbb72c4c44d5846679f6fe5852bd", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who turned himself in?", "id": "e119c184aaf3400fad74a48cea85a29d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who discover's Sam's true identity?", "id": "44b1c3f8f51448dcb2964c4bc42d3dee", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe movie opens with the Barden Bellas about to ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe movie opens with the Barden Bellas about to perform at the ICCA championships. One of them, Chloe (Brittany Snow) is running late to the start of the performance. When she arrives she is reprimanded by the older Bellas. As they are about to perform, Aubrey (Anna Camp) tries to assure them she'll do a good job, but is shot down. The group sings 'The Sign'.. and all is going well, until the very end when Aubrey has a solo, and projectile vomits all over the stage and front rows of the audience.Cut to the start of a new year at Barden University, and freshman Beca (Anna Kendrick) is arriving by taxi. While she is receiving directions and her Rape Whistle, a car passes her by, and another student, Jesse (Skylar Austin) is singing along to the radio, and catches her attention.Beca finds her new dorm room, and meets her roommate Kimmy-Jin, who is hostile and unfriendly. Beca's dad, a professor at Barden then arrives, and asks her how she got there. It is revealed that Beca's parents have split up as she refers to her dad's new wife as her 'step monster', and seems very reluctant to be attending College. Beca's dad tries to encourage her to enjoy it, but Beca escapes to the Activities fair.In another dorm room, Jesse is meeting his roommate Benji (Ben Platt), who is into Star Wars and magic.At the Activities fair, we are introduced to the Trebles - one of the Campus singing groups, all male, who are talented and have a high opinion of themselves, especially Bumper (Adam Devine) the lead singer. Jesse and Benji approach the Trebles, as Benji is desperate to join, but Bumper is not impressed with his enthusiasm.Across the campus, the Bellas are now down to just 2 members - Aubrey and Chloe, who are trying to recruit new ones. Due to their disastrous performance at the last Championships, they are not having much luck, and are even ridiculed by 'Baloney Barb' who has tried out for them previously. They are then approached by Fat Amy (Rebel Wilson), an outgoing and quirky student from Tasmania who doesn't hesitate to demonstrate her singing and dancing abilities. They then meet Beca, who quickly rebuffs their offer to audition, saying it is lame, which immediately puts Aubrey offside.Instead of being interested in joining any of the singing groups, Beca has much more of an interest in remixing music on her laptop. She gets a job at the campus radio station, and much to her dismay, so does Jesse.Her dad pays her a visit in her dorm, and gives her an ultimatum - if she makes an effort and joins a group at College , but still doesn't like it by the end of the year, she can quit and follow her true dream of becoming a DJ, and he will help her... but he wants her to really make an effort.As Beca goes into the communal showers singing to herself, Chloe happens to be in the showers as well, and confronts Beca in her shower stall , insisting that she try out for the Bellas. Although Beca is mortified, she sings along with Chloe to 'Titanium'.Finally the auditions are on, and Jesse, Benji and Fat Amy are among the hopefuls trying out, auditioning to 'Since you've been gone'. Beca comes late, and hasn't prepared the audition song, but auditions with 'Cups (miss me when I'm gone)', and Chloe and Jesse are impressed, while Aubrey is unsure. We then see the initiation of the new Bellas including Beca, Fat Amy, Stacie (Alexis Knapp), Cynthia-Rose (Esther Dean) and the very softly spoken Lilly (Hana Mae Lee). They all swear an oath and drink the 'blood of the Bellas who came before them' (wine). Cut to the initiation of the new Trebles.. Jesse has made it, but Benji has not. That night, there is Aca-initiation where all the groups ", "qas": [{"question": "How long does Beca have to stay in college before her dad will let her leave?", "id": "aafb1b5c6f704a3d87eb3044048dae52", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was rejected from the Treblemakers for being 'weird'?", "id": "0f40780783b1455ba24bb9018dcb92f5", "answers": []}, {"question": "When do auditions for new members take place?", "id": "dff6111121c44c7ba2b7a0fec98aaa9a", "answers": []}, {"question": "The bellas are at which universtiy?", "id": "209cfb7a061a433db4489cd061e674af", "answers": []}, {"question": "What group does Beca join?", "id": "7d516ff8edbc4729a1528a079542faf2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who provides an impromptu back-up of one of her favorite songs into the \"traditional\" song?", "id": "0998b26d671348dda4c398b9d66337a6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nOpening narrationAn explanation that our knowled", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nOpening narrationAn explanation that our knowledge of Venus is very incomplete and only by imagination can we glimpse the planet, but the producers of the film believe the heroic Soviet people will see the planet with their own eyes.Opening sceneThree soviet spaceships CCCP Sirius Vega and Capella approach Venus after completing a 200 million kilometer journey. Suddenly before anyone can react Capella is destroyed with all hands by a stray meteor.\nThe crew of the Sirius are devastated by the news, and reflect on how close they came only to die within sight of their destination. A message received from Earth advises that a replacement for Capella is launching soon and will reach Venus in 4 monthsAlexi ( ) one of the crew from Sirius doesnt want to wait and suggests they modify the robot glider on Vega, so. Venus needs to be seen by human eyes. He explains if anything happens he will not call for help. His life is his, to do with as he desires.Mr Kern (Georgi Tejkh) On board Vega must have the final say on the launch. Rather than use the glider he recommends landing the two ships rather than wait for the spare ship from Earth, but first he has to check the figures for the safety margins. To do this he activates the ships robot JohnThe robot proposes a different plane. Three crew members go down in the glider, three more go down in the Sirius, leaving Vega in orbit manned by Masha (Kyunna Ignatova) Masha feels cheated by the plan but realizes it is the only way the mission can succeed As they plan to land a strange red light is seen through the cloud cover. They decide to try and land close to that position. It is decided the glider will go down first, and try and identify a good landing place. Sirius will followThe glider finds a location but as it drops the beacon to mark the spot for Sirius it is blown off course and heads for a dangerous landing in a swampy region. From orbit Sirius cant re-establish contact. Unsure what may have happened Sirius decides to land at the beacon and try and find the crew of the gliderThe Sirius lands successfully and begins testing the environment to see if they can go outside. Using an external microphone they listen to the sounds of Venus. At one point they hear what sounds like a womans voice singing. Understanding that little can be accomplished from the ship they decide to outside and explore.\nAs Alexi explores away from the ship he is attacked by some strange tentacle creature. The other crew dont realize the danger and continue to check instruments for signs of the glider. They discover two distinct signals. One they suspect is the glider, and one that is moving should be JohnFinally the others realize Alexis situation and rescuing him from the plant like creature. The creature responds by first releasing Alexi then encloses itself in a protective shellIn the meantime Masha has confirmed the other crew is alive and has pin-pointed their location, approximately 32 kilometers away. The fact John is active proves crew members must have survived because hed been disassembled for the flight downAt the other landing site Kern, working with the partially completed robot search for parts of the robot to complete the job of assembly. One of the other crew is firing ant strange reptilian creatures that keep attacking\nMeanwhile the crew of Sirius have gotten their rover working and set off to help the crew of Vega. On the way they see a brontosaurs and stop to take a blood sample from the slow moving creature. While doing this, Masha confirms that the Vegas crew is moving towards the Sirius location.The crew from the Vega begin to feel ill and fevered, they are concerned that the rips in their suit may have allowed them to get sick from Venusians germs. The crews of the Sirius reach the shore of a large body of water and decide to cross it rather than go around. As they prepare to submerge they hear the same strange womans voice. Pausing to investigate, they find nothing and press onBack with the Vega crew they have been caught in a rain storm and John cautions that he may soon malfunction because of the water. Schebra (Yuri Sarantsev) Is ", "qas": [{"question": "What threatens to strand the Sirius?", "id": "0936af32e1fd467d942ccddea2aa446a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Allan and Ivan leave who in orbit?", "id": "4d409c8fb42a429b9a50eeb682bb2da7", "answers": []}, {"question": "What are Sirius, Vega, and Capella?", "id": "3e3c881ad6a14597a9d9874d33a51039", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Ivan and Allan's robot?", "id": "62dfe0db0ed444fe933a4317c9f9a793", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where are the three Soviet spaceships, Sirius, Vega, and Capella headed for?", "id": "12b592c01469451ba9304e76ee78e1d5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn Amsterdam, American backpackers Paxton (Jay H", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn Amsterdam, American backpackers Paxton (Jay Hernandez) and Josh (Derek Richardson) and Icelander \u00d3li (Ey\u00fe\u00f3r Gu\u00f0j\u00f3nsson) meet Alexei (Lubomir Bukovy), a Russian man who tells them about a Slovak hostel filled with American-loving local women. The backpackers board a train to Slovakia, where they meet a Dutch businessman (Jan Vlas\u00e1k) long enough to be unnerved by his bizarre behavior. Upon arriving in the small village, the backpackers check into the local hostel and find themselves sharing a room with Natalya (Barbara Nedelj\u00e1kov\u00e1) and Svetlana (Jana Kade\u00e1bkov\u00e1), two attractive, single women who entice the backpackers to a spa and a disco before sleeping with them.Tthe next morning, \u00d3li is missing. A young Japanese backpacker named Kana (Jennifer Lim) also reports that her friend Yuki (Keiko Seiko) has disappeared. An MMS photo sent from Yuki's phone shows Yuki and \u00d3li beneath a smokestack of an abandoned factory, with the word Sayonara written beneath it. Unbeknownst to Josh and Paxton, Oli has been decapitated and Yuki tortured, and (presumably) killed. Paxton and Josh decide to leave Bratislava with Kana the following day. They spot a man wearing Oli's jacket at a museum of medieval torture relics. Paxton later notices that in the MMS photo of Oli, Yuki and the smokestack is faked. Later that night, while partying with Natalya and Svetlana, Paxton and Josh succumb to the effects of alcohol. Josh stumbles back to the hostel while Paxton passes out in the disco's storage room.Hours later, Josh wakes up handcuffed to a chair in a dungeon-like room surrounded by power tools and weapons. The Dutch businessman enters in a leather apron and gloves and begins torturing Josh, drilling him in his pecs just above his nipples. After he is done, the Dutch Business man sits down and talks to Josh, explaining his unfulfilled dreams of being a surgeon. Josh begs to be released, the businessman then cuts Josh's Achilles' tendon and lets him crawl towards the door before finally murdering him.Across town, Paxton awakens and returns to the hostel to find both Josh and Kana missing. In his room are a different pair of beautiful women inviting him to a spa, eerily similar to Natalya's and Svetlana's offer from before. When the local police chief (Miroslav T\u00e1borsk\u00fd) proves unhelpful, Paxton locates Natalya and Svetlana and demands to be taken to an \"art show\" where he thinks his friends are. They drive to a factory on the outskirts of the town where inside, Paxton sees the Dutch businessman cutting up Josh's dead body. He screams at Natalya, who laughs at him, and he is then ambushed by thugs who drag him past cells filled with other backpackers being tortured by various clients.Paxton is taken to his own cell and restrained to a chair, joined minutes later by a German client (Petr Jani) who tortures him. Distracted by Paxton's ability to plead for his life in German, the client puts a ball-gag in his mouth and tries to kill him with a chainsaw, but before he can begin Paxton starts throwing up, either out of fear or because the gag was choking him. Due to his ball-gag, he starts to choke on his own vomit, and the client quickly removes the ball-gag, probably to stop Paxton dying before he could kill him. He then continues his torture with the chainsaw, but inadvertently saws off Paxton's handcuffs along with his ring and pinky finger before slipping on the ball-gag which he just threw on the floor. The client drops the chainsaw on his own leg and severs it.Paxton breaks free and shoots the client in the head with a gun on the weapon counter. When the guard comes to check on the situation, Paxton shoots and kills him before escaping dressed in torture gear. He hides in a nearby room to avoid capture from other guards, where he finds a collection of victims. He hides under a pile of body parts before being taken to a room where he sees dead bodies being chopped up by a butcher for cremation. Paxton kills the butcher with a hammer, ", "qas": [{"question": "Who kills Natalya, Svetlana, and Alexei?", "id": "c4e8c6e5f0d6407a8182db14dc583e67", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who shoots Johann in the head?", "id": "541c059d05f54ad998e6b8a5ed2a4070", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nParis, 1966...Monsieur Charles Bonnet (Hugh Grif", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nParis, 1966...Monsieur Charles Bonnet (Hugh Griffin), the current head of the Bonnet family, custodian of the family's legendary collection of fine art, and a noted collector in his own right, is offering one of his prized paintings at auction. A Cezanne, it sells for a fabulous $515,000, the high point of the auction. When Bonnet's daughter, Nicole (Audrey Hepburn), hears the news on her car radio on her way home from work, she is shocked...and dismayed. The moment she arrives at their elegant old chateau, she runs upstairs calling her father. In his bedroom on the second floor, she opens the door to an antique wardrobe and steps inside, opens a false panel at the back of the wardrobe and climbs a hidden spiral staircase to her father's secret studio in the attic.Bonnet, it turns out, is a forger of fine art...cheerful and charming, but an unrepentant scoundrel. He is putting the finishing touches on his latest project, a flawless rendition of a famous lost Van Gogh. He has even found another painting from the same period, by an unknown artist, and has brushed dirt from the back of that canvas to transfer to his forgery. \"I doubt if even Van Gogh himself would have gone to such pains with his work,\" he boasts. \"He didn't have to, Papa,\" Nicole retorts, \"he WAS Van Gogh!\" She tells him in a tired voice (for what must surely be the thousandth time) that it's a crime to sell fake masterpieces. He replies that he only sells them to wealthy, private buyers, who get an undeniably fine painting in return.A noise in the driveway sends them both to the window: An armored car, a police van, a black limousine and half a dozen motorcycles have arrived and parked in front of the house. Nicole is terrified that the authorities have at last discovered Bonnet's hobby, but Bonnet explains that he has simply agreed to let the Claver-Lafayette Museum display their exquisite statuette of Venus, purportedly carved by 16th Century sculptor Benvenuto Cellini, in their latest exhibit. Nicole is not reassured: Their Cellini Venus is also a forgery...carved at the end of the 19th century by Bonnet's father, using Bonnet's mother as a model. Unlike paintings, she tells her father, it's an easy matter to detect forged sculptures. Bonnet brushes aside her concerns: since he's merely lending the statue, not selling it, there will be no reason to test its authenticity.He runs downstairs (followed closely by Nicole) to greet Monsieur Grammont (Ferdinand Gravey), the museum director, who is here with his assistants and an armed escort to transport the Venus. Bonnet shows him into the library, where the Venus stands in solitary splendor in its own special niche. Grammont is moved almost to tears by the sight of it...he congratulates Bonnet for keeping this fine piece in France, though he must have had many lucrative offers to buy it. Bonnet smiles modestly, and says, \"Well, after all, one is still a Frenchman.\" The Venus is handed over, secured in a heavily padded case, Grammont thanks Bonnet effusively and leaves. Bonnet is jubilant, but Nicole is still worried. He waves off her concern, saying that her basic trouble is that she's honest....\"but I don't tell you that to hurt your feelings,\" he adds kindly. \"I get dizzy spells when we have these conversations, Papa,\" she complains. He invites her to attend the gala opening at the museum that night...she firmly declines.The Cellini Venus is the star of the exhibit, and Bonnet the most celebrated guest at the gala. Davis Leland (Eli Wallach), a wealthy American industrialist, is also present. He has recently taken up art collecting, and is pursuing it as obssessively as he pursued the acquisition of his millions. He is so taken with the Venus that he determines to find out all about Bonnet and his family...with the goal of somehow acquiring the Venus.The Bonnet chateau ", "qas": [{"question": "Who shows up at Nichole and Charle's home.", "id": "ba2face1e7f34c59ace71928f041866d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was the daughter of Charles Bonnet?", "id": "17897a5babb4476ebaf437516a990124", "answers": []}, {"question": "What type of gun does Nicole have?", "id": "ff63e4e4290342d8a84403629258c50d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was Simon's first heist?", "id": "bd1e38aaee1f495d98f718e5b3332ea0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Davis never allowed to see again?", "id": "92af35efb27844d9b1216f4f4aa0c513", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Davis obsessed with owning?", "id": "620c6648335b47f2a9ca33b32ae5b68e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Nicole want Simon to steal?", "id": "85cf1226951b4878b69d214e9a9b7ac2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who had a dinner date with wealthy American tycoon, Davis Leland?", "id": "4f75e01e12a14271be39c02322777772", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is David in love with?", "id": "19ce91f43fbf450684df4de150032aa3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did the Klber-Lafayette Museum located?", "id": "888cf8dc7ae74b71865a48f59ab11877", "answers": []}, {"question": "What artist's painting is Simon holding?", "id": "efc3a0a4a4f64eff82c51696a5878abb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Nicole want to save from being sent to prison?", "id": "b0fdc37fa2a74436babc7006eda503c5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nZandalee Martin (Erika Anderson) is a young bout", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nZandalee Martin (Erika Anderson) is a young boutique store owner living in New Orleans who is sexually frustrated and feeling unfulfilled with her marriage to Thierry Martin (Judge Reinhold), and eventually gets tangled in a passionate, sensual and torrid adulterous affair with her husband's mysterious and free spirited old friend Johnny Collins (Nicholas Cage).Zandalee and Thierry's marriage has hit a snag and seems to be eroding due to his lack of passion. Zan needs to explore, while Thierry wants to withdraw, and has become more and more distant and impotent in their relationship. He used to be a poet, but now has taken over the familys communications business after the death of his father. As time goes on, Thierry has to sell the business and become basically a (vice president) figurehead. He is emotionally adrift as his dreams give way to disillusionment.Johnny, an artist painter by trade, has been working for Thierry's business to help support his paintings. His only religion is self-gratification. Johnny also sells and mules cocaine for a local drug dealer as another source of income for himself.Having not seen each other in a while, the two run in to each other at a bachelor's party. After the party, Thierry brings Johnny home to meet Zandalee and his grandmother Tatta (Viveca Lindfors). While talking about old times, Johnny offers to paint a portrait of Thierry at their home.Later, after finishing the painting, Johnny shows it to Thierry, Zandalee and Tatta. While they go off to other rooms and sensing Zandalee's frustration and vulnerability, Collins makes a pass at her. Johnny continues to pursue her and when they run into each other during a rain storm, he takes advantage and moves in by seducing her, first in his loft in an angry passionate scene, (interestingly, Zan's wedding ring is on the table next to the bed) which is followed by him erotically finger painting her. Their sexual liaisons continue to occur in various places including her laundry room a top a washing machine while Thierry and guests are having dinner. Thierry soon suspects the two are having an affair.As the affair intensifies, Johnny meets Zandalee in a local church and asks her to leave her husband. However, Zandalee feels that she must never abandon her true love Thierry, and quickly ends her affair with Johnny after he forces himself on her in the confessional. She and Thierry re-commit themselves to each other, but Johnny, now obsessed with her, will not be brushed off that easily. He tracks them to their vacation spot in the Bayou. All of this puts the three on a destructive collision course with a tragic sequence of events.When Thierry figures out that Johnny has indeed been having an affair with Zandalee, he becomes drunk and confrontational (he pulls a gun out) leading to him becoming reckless when he takes Zan and Johnny for a speedboat ride on the Bayou, which ends when he falls off the boat and drowns, refusing to be saved by either Zan or Johnny who dive into the water to save him.Both Zandalee and Johnny become distraught by Thierry's death and begin to isolate themselves with Zan jogging for long periods and Johnny trying to work on his paintings, but becoming more self-destructive. In one scene, Johnny, in a rage rips up some of his paintings and pours black paint all over himself. He also consumes some of the cocaine he is supposed to sell, which gets him in trouble with his supplier.When Johnny meets with Zandalee with the hopes to re-start their romance and have a possible future together now that Thierry is out of the picture, she remains emotionally distant and instead goes for a walk along the Old Quarter with Johnny following her. But in the final scene, when Johnny's drug supplier attempts to kill him in a drive-by shooting outside the church that Zandalee frequents, she sees what is about to happen and shields Johnny, getting fatally shot in the process. The drug dealer flees from the scene of the crime (saying \"you've got to make accounts payable man\"), leaving behind Johnny, now alone, as he ", "qas": [{"question": "who is zandalee's husband?", "id": "e60d7ff6b63745bfa9177199fb7bdc3a", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is zandalee having an affair with?", "id": "e0615f1dec374278af778ddc338c1165", "answers": []}, {"question": "what does johnny pour all over himself?", "id": "ea956e3f845f4a4ca5c3a6e22e3990a1", "answers": []}, {"question": "zandalee lives in what city?", "id": "6ed60a49fb664026b125a72747fb7ac7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who falls off the boat and drowns?", "id": "38cc731ba5fa49adbd325cfad7f04632", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nYosemite Sam runs for mayor of a small town, and", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nYosemite Sam runs for mayor of a small town, and in his campaign speech, he makes several empty promises like \"There's enough fresh air and sunshine in this great country of ours for everybody - and I'll see to it that you'll get your share!\" As the speech continues, we see that Bugs Bunny is drinking carrot juice beneath Sam's podium. When Sam pledges to make good on a previous promise \"to rid this country of every last rabbit\", Bugs decides that the best way to fight him is to run for mayor against him. Bugs soon tries to win the townspeople over with Theodore Roosevelt's famous quote \"I speak softly, but I carry a big stick!\", which leads Sam to declare \"I speak LOUD and I carry a BIGGER stick, and I use it too!\".Sam has several tricks up his sleeve, but Bugs finds a way to answer every one. When Sam steals Bugs' cigar stand, Bugs switches the \"Smello\" cigars he had been selling for five-cent \"Atom\" explosive cigars (the box includes the slogan \"You Will Get A BANG Out of This\"). Sam gives a cigar to a man, but after the cigar explodes, the man punches Sam in the face. Sam then sends a box full of \"assorted\" picnic ants to steal all of the food at Bugs' picnic, which leads Bugs to hide a stick of dynamite in a watermelon being stolen.Sam rigs up a cannon at the front door of Bugs' headquarters, then turns up at the back door greeting Bugs in a friendly manner. When he taps his foot on the floor, he suggests that someone is knocking at the front door, and Bugs leaves Sam and goes to answer it, but this plan backfires when Bugs tells Sam that it was someone for him, and she said to mention St. Louis, which leads Sam to think that a pretty girl named Emma is there. Sam runs to the front door, opens it and gets shot by his own cannon.Sam's next challenge is to ask Bugs if he can \"play the pi-anna\". Bugs accepts, so Sam rigs an explosive in a particular piano key, and presents the piano to Bugs with a sheet of music containing the tune \"Those Endearing Young Charms\". When Bugs plays the tune, he deliberately hits a sour note that avoids the explosive key. When Bugs gets the note wrong a second time, it infuriates Sam, who shows Bugs how to play the tune correctly, and falls for his own trap by playing the note that sets off the explosion.After this, Sam and Bugs engage in a short pursuit through the streets of the town, which ends when they come across a parade that celebrates the newly-elected mayor - a chestnut horse who rides in a car bearing a sign that says \"Our New Mare\" - a literal \"dark horse\" candidate. This leads Bugs to make the odd suggestion to Sam to play a game of Russian Roulette and hand a gun to Sam. Sam agrees to the game, points the gun to his head, closes his eyes, pulls the trigger and hears the click of an empty barrel. Sam then passes the gun to Bugs, who points it to his head, closes his eyes and pulls the trigger as the film irises out into black in the middle. We hear the sound of a gunshot, then the film irises in on the left hand side to reveal a ducking Bugs, who holds a smoking gun as he says \"I missed\". A second iris appears on the right hand side to show Sam, who appears scorched and is missing his hat as a result of being hit in the face by Bugs' wayward shot. After Sam says \"I hate that rabbit!\", both sides of the film iris out for good.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "What was Bugs Bunny drinking underneath the podium when Sam was making the pledge?", "id": "f9a3d3931c8e41668353dc8d4145c3a0", "answers": []}, {"question": "What game does Bugs suggest to Sam?", "id": "0007bc1002cd4cc694bd33f08d2fd130", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was running for mayor of the town?", "id": "e5806d3e3ff6485392d6947cb863c7b2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Bugs hand Sam?", "id": "d1431f99a5ec44ffb9b3cfd90c91f036", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was the \"dark horse\" candidate?", "id": "7a4afde8d7ea44238fd8f4b42b184922", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whose famous quote does Bugs try and win the townspeople over with?", "id": "4da6180166154b4fbc957e842e91e127", "answers": []}, {"question": "Sam presents Bugs a piano, to play what song?", "id": "2db0a1313bb24d8c99090b197b2f0f13", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nLuane is a bed ridden hypochondriac, a black wid", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nLuane is a bed ridden hypochondriac, a black widow who has sat for years in the center of a web of telephone lines. Her poison tongue spreads gossip and innuendos about the various denizens of the town. Years ago Luane's dead father scams $10,000 from Pete but dies before he can spend \"the sugar\". The money is never recovered and Pete strongly suspects Luane of holding out on him. Business at The Pavilion bar is down so Pete and Rags decide that the best way to get The Pavilion off the skids is to turn it into a strip joint. Pete \"discovers\" streetwalker Dannie Lee and convinces her to strip. Meanwhile, drug pusher Bobbie scams Ralph out of his maintenance job at the Park and gets Myra hooked on horse. It all hits the fan when Luane's husband Ralph falls for Dannie Lee and Pete finds out Myra's on the needle.\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the nightclub?", "id": "53b156f8cd6349269e61e40859e7ebc4", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Danny Lee's occupation?", "id": "a5ab89fd6c4c404fb286bcacccb10a60", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nLoosely based on the 1967 folk song by Bobbie Ge", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nLoosely based on the 1967 folk song by Bobbie Gentry, and set in the year 1953 in rural Mississippi, the film explores the budding relationship between 19-year-old Billy Joe McAllister (Robby Benson) and 16-year-old Bobbie Lee Hartley (Glynnis O'Connor) (who corresponds with the unnamed narrator of the original song), despite resistance from Hartley's family, who contend she is too young to date. Yet every day, after being dropped off by her school bus at the Tallahatchie Bridge over the Tallahatchie River which leads to the Hartley farm, Bobbie Lee slips away to a local sawmill where Billy Joe works just to hang out with him at the end of his shift.When Bobbie Lee and her father have a confrontation with three thugs driving a battered pick-up truck from a neighboring county across the state line in Alabama, they chase them to the Tallahatchie where they force their truck off the road which ends up dangling off the bridge. With Bobbie Lee's father unwilling to abandon his truck and abandon the precious eggs and cargo he is delivering to the local market, Bobbie Lee is forced to run several miles to the sawmill to ask Billy Joe, her brother and another employee to rescue her father and save his truck. This incident seem to bring Bobbie Lee and Billy Joe more close to each other.One night at a jamboree, Billy Joe gets drunk and seems nauseated and confused when entering a makeshift whorehouse behind the gathering. Later, Bobbie Lee finds out through the town grapevine that Billy Joe was accused of assaulting one of the prostitutes and is wanted for questioning.After disappearing for days, Billy Joe returns to bid an enigmatic goodbye to Bobbie Lee on the Tallahatchie Bridge. When she presents him with her childhood rag doll, he knocks it away from her and it falls into the river while the passing priest, Brother Taylor, sees from afar. After Billy Joe runs off, Bobbie Lee asks if everything is all right and Billy Joe then blurts out: \"It ain't all right! I have been with a man... which is a sin against nature, a sin against God!\" It is here where he confides in her that on the evening during the jamboree, in his inebriated state, he had sex with another man. Bobbie Lee is somewhat shaken but takes the news very calmly. Overcome with guilt over his homosexual encounter, Billy Joe subsequently kills himself by jumping off the Tallahatchie bridge the next day (off-camera).In the film's final scene, set a few days later after Billy Joe's funeral, Bobbie Lee meets Dewey Barksdale (James Best), Billy Joe's sawmill boss on the bridge as she is leaving town for a while, and he guiltily confesses to her that he was the man whom had sexual relations with Billy Joe that night. She tells Dewey, who is on his way to her house to confess to her father, that the town already falsely suspects that she is carrying Billy Joe's baby and that it would do no good for Dewey to confess now since he could go to prison for sodomy charges. Agreeing with the girl's logic, Dewey offers Bobbie Lee a ride to the bus station, which she courteously accepts.The rest of the story (and song) is history: \"A year has come and gone since we heard the news about Billy Joe. Brother married Becky Thompson and they bought a store in Tupelo. There was a virus goin' around, Papa caught it and he died last spring. And now Mama doesn't wanna do much of anything. And me, I spend a lot of time picking flowers up on Choctaw Ridge and dropping 'em into the muddy waters off the Tallahatchie Bridge.\"\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "As she is leaving town, who does Bobby Lee meet on the bridge?", "id": "4f6b38d52eb44983b4d9db735a44c276", "answers": []}, {"question": "At what event does Mccallister get drunk?", "id": "a4174ce1c8544aa692740b74da237c55", "answers": []}, {"question": "In what year is the movie set?", "id": "aa169e7e8d954653a9f5a4c73f6400eb", "answers": []}, {"question": "How does Billy Joe kill himself?", "id": "7f2761049fe9463aaa0bb666c9798eab", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who's baby does the town suspect Bobby Lee is carrying?", "id": "de81af2577f7483fabc70a6e7685d041", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nCopenhagen in the 1950s. On her way to work, the", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nCopenhagen in the 1950s. On her way to work, the young woman Eva M\u00f8ller (Helle Virkner) stops by a clothes store to speak to B\u00f8rge (Holger Juul Hansen), who has broken their engagement in a brief letter. She finds him with another girl and agitatedly tells him off. Eva works as a seamstress and chats with a co-worker (Caja Heimann) about having too little money and her desire to find a rich man to ease her worries. Their supervisor shouts at Eva for being late and talking too much. After work, Eva is left alone as her co-worker is picked up by her boyfriend. As she walks through the streets she comes across a store with a beautiful gown in the window. As she stands there looking at it, she appears to have an idea and rushes to the house where she lives with her older brother (Ove Sprog\u00f8e) and his wife (Lis L\u00f8wert). She changes her clothes and picks up her bankbook and is out the door again. She goes back to the store intending to buy the dress, but the saleswoman tells her it's already been sold, and Eva realizes that it would have been too expensive for her anyway. When the saleswoman (Inger Lassen) goes into another room, Eva sees the dress in a corner and goes to look at it, and when the saleswoman locks up and leaves the store moments later, she doesn't realize that Eva is still inside. Eva puts the dress on and dances around the room imagining it's her own. Suddenly a man appears. He turns out to be the dress designer, Marcel (Angelo Bruun), and instead of being upset he is stunned by her graceful appearance. He has her stay at the store all night to wear his fabrics as he draws new designs. In the morning, shocked by the dull appearance of her usual clothing, he allows her to have the dress from the window as a gift.Eva has to go straight to work and changes into her work clothes in the lavatory. Not having slept all night, however, she falls asleep, dreaming of colourful scenes of love and adoration (including a singing Poul Reichhardt). She is fired, but only has smiles to offer in return. Eva goes home in her dress and faces her brother's questions, but she has her own ideas about what to do. One night she goes out to a bar wearing the dress. Men pay attention to her like never before, but the other women are less pleased. When she runs out she breaks a heel and stumbles, but a young and well-dressed man, Jakob (Henning Moritzen), helps her and offers to drive her home. To appear wealthier than she is she gives him an address in a fancy neighbourhood and ends up hitchhiking home, but at least she has a new date with the dashing man. Meanwhile, Jakob returns his expensive car to the garage, and we learn that he is a student who works odd jobs and not the rich gentleman Eva thinks he is.The next day, Jakob wakes up in a good mood at the pension he lives in, and he loans money from his landlady (Gerda Madsen). At the dress store, there is a commotion as the sold dress has disappeared, until Marcel arrives to tell them that he has simply given it away. Meanwhile, at the house of the fake address that Eva gave Jakob, the young lady who actually lives there, a popular actress named Elizabeth (Nina Pens Rode), is chatting and rehearsing lines with her older husband (Gunnar Lauring). She soon hurries to a dress fitting at Marcel's, where the rich ladies of town are gossipping and inspecting his latest creations. It turns out that it was Elizabeth who had bought the dress Marcel gave to Eva, but Marcel persuades her that it wasn't right for her.At night, Eva and Jakob meet for dinner. She is frightened when it turns out they are going to the restaurant where her brother works as a waiter, but it is her brother who is most ill at ease. Then they go to ", "qas": [{"question": "who attracts the young aristocrat Jakob?", "id": "c8566419782d4ccaa971ed9b7d1ea91c", "answers": []}, {"question": "who is a fraud?", "id": "cb6dfe0a7238483ca1d1db2c9fc7600c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\n\nA narrative voice explains that in the Shun Chi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\n\nA narrative voice explains that in the Shun Chi years of the Ching Dynasty, the Emperor of China had fallen gravely ill. In pursuit of a legendary rose, which blossomed once every twenty years and which supposedly has the power to restore life to the nearly dead, an envoy was sent to Mount Shin Fung, where the flower was to be found. This envoy, and his three companions, arrive at the mountain, where a man can be found standing watch over a flower that is nearly blossoming in the snow. The envoy bows and addresses this man as Master Cho of Wu Tang, but he doesn't respond. They explain their mission, which prompts him to ask about the time -- or rather, to ask what year it is. The envoy answers that it is the tenth year since the establishment of the Ching Dynasty. Master Cho expresses surprise that it is truly that long, and tells them that they can leave. The envoy attempts to bribe him with a reward, and is angrily rebuked. His three companions arise and leap to attack Master Cho, who leaps up and defeats them easily. The envoy himself attacks, and lasts somewhat longer before he is knocked back. Bleeding heavily, the envoy asks who could be so important that Master Cho would save the flower for them instead of for the Emperor, and then exsanguinates messily. Master Cho resumes his vigil, and the narrative voice (which is his voice) explains that he is saving the flower for a woman, for whom he has been waiting here for a decade. He wonders if she knows what he's doing ...Over scenes of a blacksmith's workshop, Master Cho (or, to use the name of his youth, Cho Yi Hang) explains that he was the student of Master Tzu Yang of Wu Tang, the Joint Chief of the Eight Big Clans of China, which are the only ones whom the Master considers to be worthy of the name. The Master advises him to always remember that good and evil were like oil and water; this is a familiar lesson to Yi Hang, who is more interested in playing with the grasshopper he's found in his hand. The Master then asks whether Yi Hang has mastered the martial arts technique that he taught him, and Yi Hang claims to have perfected it. Master Tzu Yang turns to look at him, sees him playing with the grasshopper, and frowns. He picks up a freshly forged sword and throws it at Yi Hang, who is startled enough to swallow the grasshopper, but manages to catch the sword. He begins to demonstrate the technique in question, which is so effective a defense that it can even deflect falling cherry petals from striking him -- though quite a few end up stuck to the end of the sword. Master Tzu Yang flings a stick at him, and Yi Hang leaps into the air and slices through it, right down the middle of the stick. Yi Hang then, rather cheekily, asks for a few days off since he's doing so well. The Master replies that if Yi Hang hopes to become the Joint Chief some day, he must always practice. In fact, Yi Hang doesn't really have any ambitions of that sort, and is content to do a few good deeds now and then.One such good deed gets him into trouble. At night, carrying a lamb that he rescued from some bad men, he finds himself lost. The narrator explains that there were two things that scared Yi Hang -- thunder and lightning, and wolves -- and he can hear wolves howling not far away, and turns to see them. He sets the lamb down, telling it that he saved the lamb's life, and now it is time for the lamb to return the favor, and so runs off ... but after looking back, he decides that he can't just leave the lamb to the slaughter, and runs back to pick it up as he flees from the wolves. He calls out for help from anyone, before he reaches a dead end. Clutching the sheep to himself, he cries that he doesn't want to die ... and then hears a flute being ", "qas": [{"question": "How many major orthodox martial arts sects forms the collation of army?", "id": "fe4ea38dd8ca4da0b4e836af5576dfb0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Three men, Red Pollard (Tobey Maguire), Charles S.", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Three men, Red Pollard (Tobey Maguire), Charles S. Howard (Jeff Bridges), and Tom Smith (Chris Cooper) come together as the principal jockey, owner, and trainer of the championship horse Seabiscuit, rising from troubled times to achieve fame and success through their association with the horse.\nRed is the child of a Canadian family financially ruined by the Great Depression. In desperate need of money, the family leaves Red with a horse trainer. Red eventually becomes a jockey, but makes extra money through illegal boxing matches which left him blind in one eye. Howard is a clerk in a bicycle shop who gets asked by a passing motorist to repair his automobile, a technology which has recently been introduced. As a result, Howard becomes knowledgeable enough with automobiles to increase their performance and sell them as a dealer, eventually becoming the largest car dealer in California and one of the Bay Area's richest men. However, his son is killed in an automobile accident while driving the family car, which sends Howard into a bout of deep depression, which eventually results in his wife (Valerie Mahaffey) leaving him.\nOn a trip to Mexico to obtain a divorce and to drown his sorrows, he meets Marcela Zabala (Elizabeth Banks). Marcela helps Howard overcome his depression, mainly through horse-riding. After marrying Marcela, Howard acquires a stable of horses and later has a chance encounter with the skilled and kindly horse trainer and drifter Smith. Howard hires Smith to manage his stables after Smith, who specializes in rehabilitating injured and abused horses, explains to Howard \"You don't throw a whole life away just 'cause it's banged up a little bit\". Smith convinces Howard to acquire the colt \"Seabiscuit\", who comes from noted lineage but had been deemed \"incorrigible\" by past handlers and was later broken and trained to lose against better horses.\nSmith is unable to find a jockey willing to deal with Seabiscuit's temperament, but after witnessing Red Pollard brawling with other stable boys, he sees in him a similar temperament to the feisty horse and decides to appoint him as Seabiscuit's jockey. Seabiscuit and Pollard become close and they begin to race. After overcoming early difficulties, such as a dismissive media and Pollard's anger issues and blind eye, Seabiscuit begins to earn considerable success and becomes an extremely popular underdog for the millions affected by the Great Depression. Inspired, Howard tries repeatedly to provoke a race with the mocking New York tycoon Samuel Riddle and his fearsome stallion \"War Admiral\", the top race horse in the country. Riddle eventually relents to a match race on his terms between War Admiral and Seabiscuit, but while the date approaches, Pollard is injured in a riding accident, fracturing his leg. When the doctor reports that he will be unable to ride again, Red suggests that Howard get an old friend, the successful jockey George Woolf (Gary Stevens) to be Seabiscuit's new rider.\nRed teaches Woolf about Seabiscuit's handling and mannerisms. At the match race, Seabiscuit upsets the heavy favorite, War Admiral, partly because of a secret that Pollard relates to Woolf, instructing him to hold him head to head with the other horse so he gets \"a good look at the Admiral.\" Later on, Seabiscuit is racing at Santa Anita when he is injured and has to stop. Red helps him to recover and get fit enough to race again. The last race is again at the Santa Anita, and Red rides him this time after putting a special self-made brace on his own leg to keep it stable. Woolf is on a different horse. Seabiscuit drops to last place and trails the pack, but Woolf holds back to be alongside Red and let Seabiscuit \"get a good look\". After a short conversation, Seabiscuit surges and wins the race.\nRed says, \"You know, everyone thinks that we found this broken down horse and fixed him, but we didn't. He fixed us. Every one of us. And I guess in a way, we kinda fixed each other, too.\"\n", "qas": [{"question": "At which racetrack did seabiscuit hurt himself?", "id": "1d45a7b0850240188149f75f28e14e95", "answers": []}, {"question": "Red is seen fighting by Smith, so Smith decides to make him be what to the honry horse?", "id": "3d3dfc81b6784010ae085c4228fe588b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was the child of a wealthy family that was ruined by the great depression?", "id": "c2f4dada18a34c62aede3d63b390c1a2", "answers": []}, {"question": "What ruined Red's family?", "id": "7bdc2ed435f84f45b7ba164efee1c56e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which horse is the top in the country?", "id": "7187c877163e4291a4c7f69cc613e347", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kind of animal was Seabiscuit?", "id": "d6f07db79d014dd780bed8c145fbb862", "answers": []}, {"question": "What horse was considered at the time the top racehorse in the country?", "id": "3c83b0fab127462992201165a6441835", "answers": []}, {"question": "How does Red almost go blind in one eye?", "id": "c733f9365b944171bd282ff2caa26727", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the horse's name?", "id": "b3ea7e9227394f8eb13a774ca3918cc8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where will the match between War Admiral take place?", "id": "ceafdc1c65c94ebe86e7a32b92851b18", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The film explores adolescent issues through the mi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The film explores adolescent issues through the minds of three friends and their reactions after a boy named Rudy Carges (Conor Donovan) is killed in a tree house set on fire by local bullies Jeff and Kenny, who carelessly didn't find out he was inside until too late. The boy's twin brother Jacob, a boy with a huge birthmark (also played by Donovan), decides to seek revenge against the bullies. Leonard (Jesse Camacho) who's overweight, survives the tree house fire but loses his sense of taste and smell. Thanks to the fire, this prompts Leonard to go on a diet, which isn't welcomed by his obese family. The boys' female friend Malee (Zoe Weizenbaum) tries to befriend an adult named Gus (Jeremy Renner), a grief-stricken patient of her therapist mother, Carla (Annabella Sciorra). Jacob's family falls apart after the death of his brother. But shortly after, his parents adopt a boy named Keith Gardner. Meanwhile, Malee begins to have a crush on Gus and changes the song for her recital to one Gus liked, just for him. As time goes by, she sees Gus as her \"soul mate\". She sneaks into his house one night to find him grieving. Afraid to confront him, Malee steals his gun and leaves. She gives it to Jacob the following day.\nJacob frequently visits Jeff and Kenny, who are serving time in a juvenile hall. Jacob initially threatens them, until eventually Jeff commits suicide. Jacob befriends Kenny, soon learning he has an early release and is illegally moving to New Mexico. Meanwhile, Leonard's father decides to take his sisters to Florida instead of Leonard (who would usually go). Leonard decides to force his mother to lose weight by trapping her in the cellar. They both end up in the hospital after a gas leak in their home. Next, Jacob and Kenny agree that Jacob can go with him to New Mexico. Malee visits Gus and removes her clothes in an attempt to seduce him. Instead, Gus calls Malee's mother to come and pick her up. The next day, Gus explains to therapist Carla about the last fire he ever fought (which involved killing an injured little girl, upon the girl's request), claiming that Malee wanted him to take her pain away, as he was aware of her growing crush on him.\nMeanwhile, Jacob's mother tells him that Keith Gardner wasn't adopted to replace Rudy, and that she wants Kenny dead, which reminds Jacob of his planned revenge. The night of escape for Jacob finally comes and he meets up with Kenny. Jacob insists on going through a construction site which he says is a secret route. Once there, Jacob points Gus's gun at Kenny, and tells him \"you killed him\" before shooting him dead. Jacob buries the body and leaves. He returns in the daytime, and sees Gus spreading cement above Kenny's grave.\nMalee begins visiting her estranged father and Leonard's family finally starts eating healthily. The movie ends with Jacob's mother smiling at him from inside the house.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who are the twins' bullies?", "id": "b4521be8ccb7484b9f1ead02c98ac14a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Rudy and Jacob are very different?", "id": "b7ee61aedfe84fd79abdca0e248ee4cc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Rudy want to meet in the treehouse?", "id": "d945b8d154c044059250070329d7e77a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who dies in the tree house fire?", "id": "ca23de04b47745599a5979fd9c1b89a7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who lost his sense of taste?", "id": "91a52f7af5a9473f8d277ea88fa0f689", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many stories are there in this film?", "id": "d4227fc977144ffc8e460ab7586a1c20", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film opens with a Spartan elder inspecting a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens with a Spartan elder inspecting a talking baby ogre. The baby vomits on the inspector and is then discarded with a punt off the hill. Next, he inspects a Vietnamese baby, and Brangelina instantly adopts it. Baby Leonidas is then inspected, having a six-pack, biceps, and beard from birth. He is accepted as a Spartan and prepared for kinghood through his childhood training, from fighting his grandmother to enduring torture. Leonidas (Sean Maguire) is then cast out into the wild, and survives the harsh winter while killing a giant dancing penguin. Returning a king for his inauguration ceremony, Leonidas sees Margo (Carmen Electra) dancing and asks her to marry him, to which she responds by giving him the combination to her chastity belt.Years later, Leonidas is training when Captain (Kevin Sorbo) informs him that a Persian messenger has arrived. The messenger has come to present Xerxes' demands for Sparta's submission. Leonidas arrives to greet the messenger in the Spartan way (high-fives for the women and open mouth tongue kisses for the men). After growing angry with both the messenger's disrespect and making out with his wife, Leonidas kicks him, the messenger's bodyguards, and then several other people he simply disliked, ranging from Britney Spears (Nicole Parker), Ryan Seacrest, Michael Jackson and Kevin Federline (Nick Steele) to Sanjaya Malakar (Tony Yalda) and the American Idol judges into \"the pit of death\". As Leonidas walks off he turns to a column that has a switch that reads \"Garbage Disposal\", and flips the switch causing the celebrities to spiral to their \"death\".Resolving to face the Persians, Leonidas visits the Oracle, proposing an \"erotic-sounding\" strategy to repel the numerically superior enemy after offering the priests various skin-care lotions for guidance. The Oracle, Ugly Betty (Crista Flanagan), reveals that Leonidas will die should he go to war. The next day, Leonidas meets the soldiers assembled for his departure to Thermopylae, and finds that only 13 (not 300) were accepted in the army, since there were stringent specifications to be accepted \"Hunky with deep Mediterranean tans, and well-endowed\". Three among them include Captain, his son, Sonio, and a slightly unfit Spartan named Dilio, who, as the Captain states, \"Has a lot of heart...and nice man boobs.\" Once at the Hot Gates, they encounter Paris Hilton (also played by Parker), who tells Leonidas and the Captain about a secret goat path above the Hot Gates that Xerxes could use to outflank the Spartans. When she asks to be made a Spartan soldier Leonidas rejects her as unqualified.Leonidas and his platoon soon face off with Xerxes' messenger and his Immortals, beating them in a dance contest before driving them off a cliff. Xerxes (Ken Davitian), impressed, personally approaches Leonidas and attempts to bribe him in a Deal or No Deal fashion. Despite the soldiers' encouragements, the Spartan king declines, saying that he will instead make the \"God King\" fall. The Spartans then face the Persian army in a \"Yo Momma\" fight, ending with a victory, in spite of Dilio having his eyes scratched out. Though victory seemed to be in the Spartans' grasp, Paris Hilton betrays the Spartans and reveals the location of the goat path to Xerxes, having been promised having her hump removed as one of her traitorous rewards. Using a CGI army, Xerxes meets the 12 remaining Spartans and the war is on.Meanwhile, back in Sparta, Queen Margo sexually submits to Traitoro in order to persuade him to send more troops to assist Leonidas. He states that he will finally lose his virginity while using his cell phone to take pictures. However, he reveals publicly that she has not been chaste. The anger at this revelation provokes a symbiote suit to envelop her, mirroring the parasitic symbiote Spider-Man suit in Spider-Man 3. She fights with Traitoro, who, in line with the parody, becomes the Spider-Man 3 villain the Sandman. Margo wins the battle with a vacuum cleaner - ", "qas": [{"question": "Who does Hilton decide to betray ?", "id": "64435db3722144298f6ab1a7b1bb1da9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who has their eyes scratched out?", "id": "b3e9fb50e1a64d84a9c9cde103123463", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Leonidas ask to marry him?", "id": "bfabd686dd3948fbb841393ec7d09150", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the oracle?", "id": "f51ef914fd454f0b961f557f22bd3f7d", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many babies does the Spartan elder inspect?", "id": "0929dfb60a414e56941f314cf03c5fb3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who wins the Yo Momma fight?", "id": "f3fedab91be74a5f8af042d3f422edf6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the queen use to defeat Traitoro ?", "id": "725f4d0416e0478d84feb5d79c65f268", "answers": []}, {"question": "What nationality was the messenger?", "id": "82eff83b2ada4c299d811e6558036a70", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many were accepted in the army?", "id": "6df05ac941024d12b6b1ef6a66408c77", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many Spartans does Xerxes meet before the war ?", "id": "de549a190f064f3a9216b0981caa2713", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This article needs an improved plot summary. (Nove", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This article needs an improved plot summary. (November 2015)\nSidhu (Akshay Kumar) is a lowly vegetable cutter at a roadside food stall in the Chandni Chowk section of Delhi, who consults astrologers, tarot card readers, and fake fakirs despite his foster father Dada's (Mithun Chakraborty) exhortations. When two strangers from China claim him as a reincarnation of war hero 'Liu Shen' and take him to China, Sidhu, encouraged by trickster Chopstick (Ranvir Shorey), believes he will be feted as a hero, unaware of his own recruitment to assassinate the smuggler Hojo (Gordon Liu).\nSidhu travels to China with Chopstick. Along the way he meets Sakhi (Deepika Padukone), the Indian-Chinese spokesmodel known as Ms. Tele Shoppers Media, or Ms. TSM, who also appears in China. Her twin sister Suzy, known as the femme fatale Meow Meow, works for Hojo, not knowing Hojo tried to kill her father, Inspector Chiang (Roger Yuan). Sidhu, through a series of accidents, initially eludes Hojo, but Hojo eventually exposes him as a fraud. Thereupon Hojo kills Dada, and Sidhu is beaten and urinated on by Hojo. Injured and disgraced Sidhu vows revenge. He thereafter encounters an amnesiac vagrant, whom he later identifies to Sakhi as Inspector Chiang. Chiang later recovers his memory and trains Sidhu in kung fu. When Hojo again meets with Sidhu, Suzy injures Chiang; but upon seeing Sakhi, betrays Hojo. Sidhu fights Hojo in single combat, eventually using a modified vegetable-cutting technique to overwhelm him. In the aftermath, Sidhu opens a vegetable stall in China, but is recruited to fight for some African pygmies. The film thereupon concludes with the announcement \"To be Continued \u00e2\u0080\u0093 Chandni Chowk to Africa\".\n", "qas": [{"question": "What did Hojo reveal Sihu to be?", "id": "8cc37be7436440989d791f71c7eb4e9f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What role does Deepika Padukone play?", "id": "eb784a8e90fa4fc6b47c577a6dc432d5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Chandni Chowk?", "id": "4187296f41a84a7599fe5437f550d9d1", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the vicious smugglers name?", "id": "6d0516a624ac46be920627a1a0912c23", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Chopstick?", "id": "a2151b4c91b54d0282fba48120f1bfe6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What do two strangers from China claim Sidhu as reincarnated?", "id": "51d589b7028a47faaea70bbe3a12578b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who exposes Sidhu as the country baffoon?", "id": "6edb194c48944c7ab415463a121f25ff", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the conman's name?", "id": "73631e829b354b85b839971e63ad3201", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nStu Shepard (Colin Farrell) is an arrogant New Y", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nStu Shepard (Colin Farrell) is an arrogant New York City publicist who is contemplating cheating on his wife Kelly (Radha Mitchell). He calls Pam (Katie Holmes), a young actress, from a phone booth on a side street. When a delivery man (Dell Yount) tries to deliver a free pizza to the booth, Stu rudely dismisses him. After the phone call with Pam, the phone rings and Stu answers it. The caller (voice of Kiefer Sutherland), says that Stu should have accepted the pizza as it would have \"kept his strength up for what comes next\". He warns Stu not to leave the booth. Stu, again dismissive, is skeptical toward the mystery caller. The caller says that he will say 'hi' to Kelly for him, then hangs up, leaving Stu visibly concerned.The unseen man calls back and reveals that he had previously setup two other dishonest individuals in a similar situation, where he gave them a chance to redeem themselves but since both refused he had to kill them. One was a pedophile, and the other was a business executive who used inside information to cash in his stock options before the company share price collapsed (and refused the caller's request to share the proceeds with regular investors who got burned on that stock). The caller tells Stu that he must tell Kelly and Pam the truth: that he is cheating. The man calls Pam, puts Stu on speakerphone, and he tells her that Stu is married and does not want anything with Pam except to sleep with her. He then tells Stu to call his wife and tell her the truth, or else he will. Angrily, Stu does so.Before he has a chance to tell Kelly the truth, Stu is distracted by three prostitutes who want to use the phone. The prostitutes become hostile due to Stu's refusal to leave the booth, and they start banging against the glass. Stu becomes agitated and finally hangs up on his wife and yells at the prostitutes to leave him alone. As the three girls leave, the man calls and warns Stu that if he hangs up again, he will shoot him. Stu does not believe him but is convinced when the man cocks his rifle. Stu gets scared, warning him that if he shoots, the cops will arrive. However, the sniper proves him to be wrong by shooting a toy robot next to the booth without anyone noticing. The caller continues to mock Stu's faith that the caller is not capable.The situation escalates further when the prostitutes and their pimp, Leon (John Enos III), approach the booth and demand that Stu leave. Terrified that he will be shot, Stu refuses. The impasse between Stu and Leon escalates to the point of Leon breaking into the booth with a bat and attacking Stu. The sniper tells Stu he can help him and Stu says \"yes\". Leon is shot in the back by the sniper, horrifying the prostitutes, who accuse Stu.The police arrive and Stu is instantly the suspect. He doubts that they will find any evidence to suggest his guilt to the murder, but later finds out the sniper has planted a gun in the phone booth's roof, on top of the light panel that could be used as evidence in Leon's murder. Captain Ed Ramey (Forest Whitaker) arrives tries to negotiate with Stu to exit the booth but he says he cannot get off the call and he is talking to his \"psychiatrist\". Multiple news vans arrive, and reporters begin filming the situation, putting pressure on the police to deal with the situation without appearing trigger-happy. The caller continues to taunt Stu by telling him to take hold of the planted gun, or he would \"Blow him (Ramey) Away!\" but Stu refuses, knowing the police will likely shoot him.Kelly arrives at the scene and the sniper makes Stu confess to her about his infidelity, which Stu does. The man asks Stu to choose between Pam and Kelly, threatening to kill one of them to eliminate further temptation. The unseen caller tells Stu that there are policemen right now trying ", "qas": [{"question": "Which actor plays the pizza delivery man's killer?", "id": "f98435f6057b4371912a0f8d8ef319be", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Stu told to choose between?", "id": "c724b676631e44218177847e19c3c477", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is in the phone booth?", "id": "84e306183c3343139c807e13cd2ae8ce", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does the caller demand Stu tell the truth to?", "id": "21e4e45338eb4e59b42adc52f38a680a", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the caller shoot at?", "id": "3917670de7d3465bb3295017211415fe", "answers": []}, {"question": "With whom is Stu having an affair?", "id": "61419072b8f64c47912d367ad8ce1d18", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Stu's profession?", "id": "b5fceec9532040b78dafb032a9a77a83", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the prostitutes pimp?", "id": "90e5702706c14b3393f93cb44690f043", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Stu have to call?", "id": "6cca7d7730f7471fa0ace94aedb180b4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film begins with Sybil as a young woman work", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film begins with Sybil as a young woman working as a substitute teacher in New York City, she experience blackouts, memory lapses and disturbing imagery (memories). Sibyl decides to seek medical intervention after putting her hand through a window in her apartment while experiencing one of her episodes. It is here that she meets Dr. Wilbur who is called in for a neurological consult. Dr. Wilbur takes an interest in Sybil and finds out from her that she has been having these episodes for as long as she can remember. Dr. Wilbur then explains to Sybil that she is suffering from a kind of hysteria that causes her to black out under conditions of fear. Dr. Wilber then offers to take Sybil on as a patient. The next scene shows Sybil discussing the possibility of seeking medical care for her moodiness with her father who is very skeptical, and mentions how their church feels about the practitioners of the mind. Sybil then loses her job. She phones Dr. Wilbur at 3 a.m., as Vicky, as Sybil is contemplating jumping out of a hotel room window several stories up. There is shown a flashback to Sybils childhood to a traumatic scene when she had her tonsils removed. It is in this scene that Dr. Wilbur discovers the multiple personalities that reside within Sybil. Dr. Wilbur is shown speaking with another psychotherapist, apparently her mentor, who warns her not to fall in love with the patients illness, as this may contribute to more suggestible symptoms. As the film progresses, many of Sybils different personalities are showcased as telling things about one another and Sybil, telling things that Sybil cannot discuss on her own. After dissecting the stories that each personality is telling to Dr. Wilbur, Dr. Wilbur decides that it was some sort of traumatic childhood event that has caused Sybils personality to shatter. By this time Sybil is becoming friends with a male neighbor, Richard a young widower with a small son, who seems to be very taken with her. Sybil continues to undergo therapy with Dr. Wilbur and continues to exhibit her personalities, changing personalities at times of stress. Dr. Wilbur attempts to explain to Sybil that she was traumatized during childhood causing her personality to split into many childlike personalities; Sybil does not want to accept this explanation for what is happening to her. Upon hearing herself imitate her own mother, she disassociates into a baby. Sybil continues to see Richard and their relationship progresses, on Christmas Eve Sybil agrees to let Richard stay the night, he agrees that he will only hold her close. Sybil has a nightmare in which she is being pursued by a decapitated cat and ends up climbing to the top of her bookcase, waking Richard. It is at this time she discloses to Richard that she is seeing a Dr. Wilbur. He guesses that Dr. Wilbur is a psychiatrist and runs to the nearest payphone and calls information to get Dr. Wilburs phone number. He calls Dr. Wilbur, who is at a dinner party; Dr. Wilbur breaches patient/client confidentiality and discloses to Richard that Sybil suffers from multiple personality. Sybil then climbs to the roof of the building and Richard asks Dr. Wilbur to come right away. Upon her arrival, Dr. Wilbur finds Richard holding Sybil who had just made an attempt to jump off the roof of the building. While under the effects of the medication Sybil discloses that she does not want to see Richard anymore until she gets herself together, as she is falling in love with him. Richard hears this and moves out of his apartment.\nFast forward a few months, Sybil is in Dr. Wilburs office, she denies that she has multiple personality, she states that she had been putting on an act all along and that her mother never abused her. Dr. Wilbur is not sure she believes Sybil, but thinks this may be the beginning of her healing in that the personalities are coming together as one. Dr. Wilbur decides to take an investigatory trip to Chicago to speak to Sibyls father, and then to Sybils hometown in Wisconsin and visits Sibyls pediatrician. The pediatrician remembers Sybil well, and her nervous mother, and shares his records with Dr. Wilbur. The medical records are indicative of the abuse that Sibyl had described. The film ends with Dr. ", "qas": [{"question": "What is Sybil suffering from?", "id": "b35ca160da634f98b37f75714e88e14a", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Sybil has that makes her awaken?", "id": "8ce186f107d34d65b91cc440bd5a30f6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Dr. Wilbur hypnotize in the movie?", "id": "e74e889a0d384636a842210bc18f1f03", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the doctor who hypnotized Sybil?", "id": "4595ac0cc17747cc82ac00e8f7928da1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nIn a New York City residence, Pierre Delacroix (", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nIn a New York City residence, Pierre Delacroix (Damon Wayans) rises to begin his daily routine. Brushing his teeth, he gives us by voice over a definition of satire. He tells us that with the rise of the Internet, video and interactive games, his field as a television writer has seen a drop in popularity. Meanwhile, in a dilapidated building, squatter Womack (Tommy Davidson) wakes up his friend Manray (Savion Glover) for a day of work. This consists of travelling to the CNS (Continental Network System) building where Delacroix works, and Manray tap dancing to entertain the workers. They then collect money from the workers. The men see Delacroix walk by, and ask him for monetary help in the form of work of some kind.Delacroix walks into a staff meeting late and is immediately castigated by his boss, Thomas Dunwitty (Michael Rapaport). Dunwitty informs the staff that CNS has poor ratings. He says he wants them to write funnier material, and ends the meeting. In the privacy of his office, Dunwitty tells Delacroix that the material Delacroix's been writing for him seems like it's about white people with black faces. Dunwitty asserts that Delacroix is an \"oreo\" with his Harvard education, because he won't write a \"n----r show.\"The next day, Delacroix and his assistant Sloan Hopkins (Jada Pinkett Smith) talk. They've decided that Manray is the solution to his problem. Delacroix plans to write a show that will be so \"offensive and racist,\" it will prove his point that the network only wants to see black buffoons on the air. Delacroix simply hopes to be fired, so he can be let go of his contract with CNS. Manray and Womack ask at the receptionist's desk for a \"Delapoint\" and the men working there tell them to step outside. However, Sloan steps into the lobby, sees what's happening, and escorts Manray and Womack to Delacroix's office. Delacroix explains to them that he has an idea for a television pilot, and they can make money with it. His main request is that Manray changes his name to Mantan, in an apparent homage to black character actor Mantan Moreland.On Sloan's walk home, she runs into her big brother Big Blak Afrika F/K/A Julius (Yasiin Bey). In Sloan's apartment, Julius and Sloan argue about his values, and he tells her to introduce him and his political hip-hop crew, the Mau Maus, to Delacroix.Delacroix has another meeting with Dunwitty. Delacroix proposes that the network start a variety show called \"Mantan: The New Millenium Minstrel Show.\" Delacroix says that new faces are needed for the show, and has Sloan bring in Manray and Womack. The two men, respectively renamed \"Mantan\" and \"Sleep'n Eat,\" will exhibit a range of stereotypical traits, Delacroix explains. Sloan is opposed to the proceedings, and suggests that there will be protest of the show they are planning. To seal the package, Manray dances atop a table in front of Dunwitty -- who immediately leaves to try to sell the show's concept to his executive bosses.Delacroix, Sloan and another woman hold auditions for the show. The first group of people (The Roots) audition to be the show's house band, The Alabama Porch Monkeys. After they perform, a dancer, a vulgar man shouting \"I be smackin' my hoes,\" and a didgeridoo player all audition. The next hopeful is Honeycutt (Thomas Jefferson Byrd), an actor who bungles Shakespearean quotes and proclaims \"N----s is a beautiful thing.\" Sloan's brother's group, the Mau Maus then do a fiery, confrontational performance; Pierre states via voice over that there is no place for them in his plan.Delacroix looks over a revised script for the show and confronts Dunwitty and his co-writer, Jukka about their alterations to it that even he finds racially offensive. Delacroix says that he won't be responsible for their changes, which Dunwitty says are to make the show funnier. Dunwitty says he knows black people better than Delacroix does, telling him, \"Look ", "qas": [{"question": "Delacroix and who recruit two street performers?", "id": "026e17c5b38a4f818e2e9182f12587b8", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the militant rap group in the movie?", "id": "becfcce489d844b192d89e74d87fbbf2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who tries to escape a contract by being fired?", "id": "b5185dd833684f2db7f18082d011a243", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where was Pierre Delacroix educated?", "id": "5da99abd715041aca137ca485472016b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Delacroix's personal assistant?", "id": "63994f91dd4a46049bf4727e76b81fb6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does his last sequence on stage?", "id": "337c4d6280984b4f9b73a8d064100655", "answers": []}, {"question": "What television station does Delacroix work for?", "id": "0d636d4e73664cd6a880c88a628ad88e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of the Mau Maus' leader?", "id": "c41ef61ab6424d0bbe0f5403af766f04", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who quits because they're fed up with the show?", "id": "31070185198c4436adedbac525048d8a", "answers": []}, {"question": "The jokes and puns are extremely what?", "id": "4d516aa4d48546b5972e5f97c1c06c3b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nClay gets up from his trailer at the beach and d", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nClay gets up from his trailer at the beach and drives to Mr. Jimmy's lush house, where he mows the lawn.Mr. Jimmy has a visit from David, who is concerned about his health. He then goes out to chat with Clay, his new gardener, and invites him to swim in the pool after he is done working. Clay says he needs to do another lawn later.An academic named Edmund Kay comes to visit Mr. Jimmy, and expresses his deep enthusiasm for his films. Jimmy takes him out back to the pool, and recalls his youth in London, and then his movement into movies and on to Hollywood.Mr. Jimmy becomes bored with Kay's questions, and suggests that Kay begin removing clothing in exchange for his answers. Kay begins disrobing to each of Jimmy's tales about homosexuals in Hollywood and making Frankenstein.Jimmy then gets lightheaded and needs Kay's help to get inside and lie down. His maid Hanna scolds him for chasing boys after just returning from the hospital.Jimmy goes to a doctor who explains that he had a stroke which has left his brain somewhat impaired.Jimmy sees Clay working out in the garden and invites him to talk over iced tea in his painting studio. Jimmy tells him he directed the first two Frankenstein movies, and they talk about his paintings. Jimmy tells Clay he has an expressive head and asks him to model for pay; Clay agrees.Clay arrives at Jimmy's house and Hanna asks if he is going to hurt him. Clay is confused, and she withdraws the question. Clay sits down in the studio to model for Jimmy, who asks him to remove his shirt, even though he only plans to draw his face. Jimmy begins to draw, telling Clay of a memory he has about eating fat drippings as a poor child. He explains how different he was from his family, more talented, more intelligent.Clay goes to a bar and boasts that a famous director is drawing him. Betty the bartender, whom Clay has slept with, turns on The Bride of Frankenstein on TV; meanwhile, Jimmy watches at home with Hanna. The others at the bar criticize the film for not being scary. Clay seems to understand the monster's feelings of loneliness.Flashback: Jimmy directs the performers on the set of Bride of Frankenstein.Clay and Betty talk outside the bar, and he gets upset that she does not want to sleep with him again.Clay calls his parents from a payphone but does not want to talk much.Jimmy dreams that Clay is Dr. Frankenstein, replacing his brain and electrifying him.Hanna tells Clay that Jimmy would like him to have lunch. The two talk as she cooks, and Hanna tells him he should be married. Hanna tells Clay that Jimmy commits unspeakable sins of the flesh, buggery. She is surprised that Clay did not know.Jimmy and Clay have a rather fancy lunch. Jimmy tells Clay that he had hoped Bride of Frankenstein would be seen as a comedy. Jimmy asks Clay to pose for an hour after lunch, and he declines. Jimmy explains that he had a \"husband\" named David, and Clay asks about his homosexuality. They smoke cigars, and Clay agrees to pose.During the sitting, Jimmy talks about how he made the successful Show Boat and then tried to make his WWI masterpiece The Road Back but the studio butchered it. He says he always wanted to go back to movies, but that was the end. He also broke up with David thereafter. Jimmy begins to describe how he used to have many male models, all naked, which upsets Clay so much he gets mad and storms out.Clay goes to Betty's bar but she is not there. He finds another woman and has sex with her in the parking lot.Clay returns to Jimmy's house and says he will sit for him again if he eases up on the locker room talk. Jimmy is curious that Clay has never known any gay men before, not even when he was in the Marines. Jimmy recalls a young soldier from WWI he mentored in the trenches, then becomes quite upset, looking at Clay intensely", "qas": [{"question": "Who is befriend with handsome gardener and former Marine?", "id": "c89cb695309141099c91140f36cd5415", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Whale ask to kill him to relieve him of his suffering?", "id": "9bbdc4fa879a47bc96f53ebc53fb9185", "answers": []}, {"question": "who produces a sketch of the Frankenstein monster ?", "id": "8f53422adc0f403881afbdfd88aea0d4", "answers": []}, {"question": "what is Michael watch on television?", "id": "0db3264859744acf8719eb98b9fd35fd", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is James Whale's housemaid?", "id": "3166f0a5071e442099126ce4293834a5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nRick Riker (Drake Bell) is an unpopular student ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nRick Riker (Drake Bell) is an unpopular student at Empire High with his only friend Trey (Kevin Hart), living with his uncle Albert (Leslie Nielsen) and Aunt Lucielle (Marion Ross). His crush Jill Johnson (Sara Paxton), who hardly notices him, is dating Rick's bully Lance Landers (Ryan Hansen). Rick and Trey are then shown to be on a school trip to an animal research lab. In the lab Rick meets Lou Landers (Christopher McDonald) who coughs up blood because he is terminally ill. Dr. Strom, the head researcher at the lab, then shows his seven mutated dragonflies, though there are only six there because one has escaped which then bites Rick, and causes his neck to swell.The scene then goes to Rick's house where his Aunt Lucille and Uncle Albert are talking on the couch when Rick comes in. He is very sick, and throws up in a fish tank because of his illness and goes up to his room. Albert and Lucille believe Rick is acting strange, so Albert proceeds to talk to Rick. Rick then passes out from the bite.He wakes up the next morning, with a strange video sent to him from a man wanting to speak to him, later adding Rick as a friend on Facebook. Meanwhile, Lou Landers gets into a scientific accident, transforming into the Hourglass who feeds on human life. At a science fair, with a comically rude and mean-spirited Stephen Hawking who gets physically hurt throughout the film, Rick gets into mishaps, such as becoming stuck to water fountains. He then realizes he has superpowers such as the ability to walk on walls, has incredible strength, but cannot fly. He tests his strength in an alleyway, then decides to test how he can walk up walls. He climbs up and begins to break dance, then has a lie-down on the wall and a cat walks up the wall beside him. He then sees an old woman about to be hit by a truck in the road, and just as she is about to get hit he pushes her out of the way and the truck collides with him stopping it.After his heroic feat he is congratulated by passers-by, but as they are congratulating him he looks to his right and sees he has accidentally pushed the woman into a woodchipper and the dog she was holding the lead of up is slowly getting pulled up into the machine as well. Trey offers to become his sidekick, but Rick resigns. His Uncle and he have a brief fight, which reminds Rick when he was younger and rich with his parents who die in a spoof of Batman Begins. His father urges him to invest of all his money in, not Google, but Enron.Rick later watches the girl of his dreams, Jill, who leaves with Lance in his car. Rick wants a car, and he sets out to get money from the bank. He fails though, with no credit or payment.After his uncle is quickly injured, Rick is met by Xavier (Tracy Morgan) at his school for mutants ala X-Men. Rick is told to make a costume, which he does (and later improves), and he becomes known as the Dragonfly. He quickly becomes a sensation, until his fight with the Hourglass, who ends up cutting him with little hourglass blades. The Hourglass then escapes.Jill is then seen walking in an alleyway and is attacked by thugs, but the Dragonfly saves her. The two then try to kiss, but encounter difficulties as Dragonfly is hanging upside down. They eventually kiss for the first time, and Jill thanks him.The scene then goes to a Thanksgiving dinner at Rick's house. During Thanksgiving Landers visits the family (everyone is unaware he is Hourglass). He nearly catches Rick dressed as the Dragonfly, but later manages to figure out his secret identity.Just as Rick and Jill are about to fall in love, the Hourglass comes in and murders Aunt Lucille. After a comical funeral, Rick decides to throw in the towel as a superhero.Trey and Uncle Albert find Rick after the funeral", "qas": [{"question": "Where is Rick a student at?", "id": "4fc4176e1b394229b62a84612f484963", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Rick riker?", "id": "2535984b69e54cabb7243919383a46a7", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who plays Lou landers?", "id": "9abe600b05264a20b53c4fe540c095b3", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Rick's superhero identity?", "id": "09f31e982c754295b469968e3fb1829b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What superhearo name does Rick give himself?", "id": "96d3a999fff54ab9bfb28afbc7ccc3b5", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Landers' other identity?", "id": "126cdb59795f4640a9ff8c205b152d76", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Maria is a free-spirited young Austrian woman stud", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Maria is a free-spirited young Austrian woman studying to become a nun at Nonnberg Abbey in Salzburg in 1938. Her love of music and the mountains, her youthful enthusiasm and imagination, and her lack of discipline cause some concern among the nuns. The Mother Abbess, believing Maria would be happier outside the abbey, sends her to the villa of retired naval officer Captain Georg von Trapp to be governess to his seven children\u00e2\u0080\u0094Liesl, Friedrich, Louisa, Kurt, Brigitta, Marta, and Gretl. The Captain has been raising his children alone using strict military discipline following the death of his first wife. Although the children misbehave at first, Maria responds with kindness and patience, and soon the children come to trust and respect her.\nWhile the Captain is away in Vienna, Maria makes play clothes for the children and takes them around Salzburg and the surrounding mountains, and she teaches them how to sing. When the Captain returns to the villa with Baroness Elsa Schraeder, a wealthy socialite, and their mutual friend, Max Detweiler, they are greeted by Maria and the children returning from a boat ride on the lake that concludes when their boat overturns. Displeased by his children's clothes and activities, and Maria's impassioned appeal that he get closer to his children, the Captain orders her to return to the abbey. Just then he hears singing coming from inside the house and is astonished to see his children singing for the Baroness. Filled with emotion, the Captain joins his children, singing for the first time in years. Afterwards, he apologizes to Maria and asks her to stay.\nImpressed by the children's singing, Max proposes he enter them in the upcoming Salzburg Festival but the suggestion is immediately rejected by the Captain who will not allow his children to sing in public. He does agree, however, to organize a grand party at the villa. The night of the party, while guests in formal attire waltz in the ballroom, Maria and the children look on from the garden terrace. When the Captain notices Maria teaching Kurt the traditional L\u00c3\u00a4ndler folk dance, he cuts in and partners with Maria in a graceful performance, culminating in a close embrace. Confused about her feelings, Maria blushes and breaks away. Later, the Baroness, who noticed the Captain's attraction to Maria, hides her jealousy while convincing Maria that she must return to the abbey. Back at the abbey, when Mother Abbess learns that Maria has stayed in seclusion to avoid her feelings for the Captain, she encourages her to return to the villa to look for her life. After Maria returns to the villa, she learns about the Captain's engagement to the Baroness and agrees to stay until they find a replacement governess. The Captain's feelings for Maria, however, have not changed, and after breaking off his engagement the Captain and Maria are married.\nWhile they are on their honeymoon, Max enters the children in the Salzburg Festival against their father's wishes. When they learn that Austria has been annexed into the Third Reich in the Anschluss, the couple return to their home, where a telegram awaits informing the Captain that he must report to the German Naval Headquarters in Bremerhaven to accept a commission in the German Navy. Strongly opposed to the Nazis and the Anschluss, the Captain tells his family they must leave Austria immediately. That night, as the von Trapp family attempt to leave, they are stopped by German soldiers waiting outside the villa. When questioned by Gauleiter Hans Zeller, the Captain maintains they are headed to the Salzburg Festival to perform. Zeller insists on escorting them to the festival, after which his men will accompany the Captain to Bremerhaven.\nLater that night at the festival, during their final number, the von Trapp family slip away and seek shelter at the nearby abbey, where Mother Abbess hides them in the cemetery crypt. Nazi soldiers soon arrive and search the abbey, but the family is able to escape using the caretaker's car. When the soldiers attempt to pursue, they discover their cars will not start as two nuns have removed parts of their engines. The next morning, after driving to the border, the von Trapp family make their ", "qas": [{"question": "IN In what city is the Von Trapp household?", "id": "2e239e8a74614b0da1440188a2ff3f05", "answers": []}, {"question": "How is the Captain summoned to serve in the Third Reich?", "id": "a04839a511de4324af71746db61d4f39", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Maria marry?", "id": "452d0b38f8a446d289299554c7369670", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Jonathan Shale (Berenger) is a mercenary and a Vie", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Jonathan Shale (Berenger) is a mercenary and a Vietnam veteran who returns home to Miami after a botched covert operation in Cuba in which three men from his platoon were killed. He surprises his girlfriend, Jane Hetzko (Diane Venora) at her apartment and is warmly welcomed. On the outside, Jane is a schoolteacher at inner-city Columbus High School, an institution with a considerable gang problem. She is particularly disliked by Juan Lacas (Anthony), leader of the KOD (\"Kings of Destruction\") gang. While jogging one morning, Jane is attacked and has her leg broken. Jane and Shale believe this to be related to the KOD, which prompts the latter to go undercover as an Ivy League-educated, government-affiliated substitute teacher for his girlfriend's class.\nShale arrives at Columbus High School and is, at first, taken back by the lowly conditions. He is unable to control his class of poorly-educated students on the first day, but decides to use his street-smarts and military tactics to gain the upper hand. Soon enough, he is able to take command of the students by displaying his combat self-defence techniques when students attack him. He is warned not to use such methods by Principal Claude Rolle (Hudson), but gains the respect of his students when he bonds with them over the similarities between his early gang and Vietnam War experiences and their involvement in petty crime and street gangs. During this time, he befriends fellow schoolteacher Darrell Sherman (Plummer) and also crosses paths with Lacas, one of his students.\nSuspicious of odd conditions within the high school, Shale sets up surveillance cameras throughout the building. He discovers that Lacas orchestrated the attack on Jane. He also discovers that Lacas is secretly working with Rolle to distribute cocaine around Miami for a major narcotics ring. Shale and his team raid a drug deal, using the stolen money to buy music and sports equipment in the form of a \"school donation.\" While Sherman initially denies Shale's discovery, Sherman and a female student inadvertently witness the drugs being loaded into one of the school buses later that day. Sherman tells the student to warn Shale and Hetzko, and sacrifices himself by creating a distraction. Rolle, who at this point is aware of Shale's interference orders a \"car accident\" for Shale, and sends Lacas after Hetzko. With the help of another student, Lacas is killed and Shale saves Hetzko, learning the full story from the female witness. Shale and his team garrison the school grounds to enter combat against the remaining K.O.D. members, a rival mercenary company led by Janus, and Rolle himself. Ultimately, Shale and Joey Six end up as the sole survivors of the battle, walking away from the school grounds discussing future operations as substitute teachers.\n", "qas": [{"question": "Shale claims to have been educated at what college?", "id": "72624270751345dd8770abfb970722f2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Shale is an undercover principal at a gang-run high school in what city?", "id": "282a5426e31a4c05a2f40c8ed197a804", "answers": []}, {"question": "Shale fought in what war?", "id": "746d8bcc677e4ab8bfe0041368530a99", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Ever since the death of their teenage daughter Emi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Ever since the death of their teenage daughter Emily, Doug (James Gandolfini) and Lois (Melissa Leo) Riley have been drifting apart. Because of her grief, Lois has become a cold and distant agoraphobic. Doug begins an affair with Vivian, a younger local waitress. However, Lois manages to maintain her appearance and the presentation of her home despite never leaving and inviting no guests aside from her sister, Harriet. She has even already had headstones put next to their daughter's for them both and made funeral plans.\nOne morning, Doug is informed that Vivian has died, and he travels to New Orleans on a business trip to clear his head. Instead, however, he ends up in a strip club where he meets 16-year-old stripper, Mallory (Kristen Stewart). He politely turns down her offer for a private dance and refuses any sexual contact, but instead accompanies her home and makes an unusual proposition: if Mallory will allow him to stay in her run-down house long enough to straighten himself out, he will pay her $100 a day for her trouble. For Mallory, who isn't used to getting money for doing nothing, it seems like a great deal. She accepts and Doug phones home to tell Lois he won't be coming home for a while. She tells him that she knew about his affair with Vivian but before the conversation can go any further, she hangs up.\nAs time passes, Doug and Mallory settle into an unconventional kind of domesticity, and he becomes more of a father figure for her than anything else including teaching her how to make a bed properly and taking care of her money. Meanwhile, back home, Lois realizes that she'll have to act fast in order to save her marriage, even if that means venturing outside for the first time in nearly a decade. After a couple of attempts, Lois manages to start up her car and get on the freeway heading south.\nOne night, Doug gets a call from Mallory who is in trouble after being robbed of the money she carries around by a client. He goes to pick her up and after arguing about how stupid she's being, he makes her realise that she needs to make some changes before things get worse. The following morning, Lois arrives in town and calls Doug to let him know, who is stunned that she not only left the house but drove all the way instead of flying. He immediately goes to meet her and they embrace one another for the first time in years. On the drive back, he tells her about Mallory (whose real name is Alison) and what she does for a living, which Lois instantly disapproves of. She is shocked to learn how young and foul-mouthed Mallory is. However, like Doug, Lois quickly warms to her due to her striking similarities to Emily.\nBefore long, Lois has also moved in to Mallory's home and the three start to form an unconventional family. Lois helps her out with female problems and takes her shopping to buy suitable underwear, making her feel like a mother again, which she enjoys dearly. But later on when Lois attempts to steer Mallory from the path of self-destruction, the young girl flees. Mallory is then later arrested an altercation with a client, and Doug and Lois rush to be by her side, but shortly after they bail her out, she runs again. In that moment, Doug and Lois realize they cannot use Mallory as a substitute for their daughter and return home to Indianapolis.\nA few days later, Doug receives a phone call from Mallory in Houston. She looks cleaned up and healthier, and announces her plans about moving to Las Vegas, just before boarding the bus. Doug tells her that he and Lois will always be there for her.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the woman that Doug is having an affair with", "id": "5b7280cdead84b3f985eaa7cd6889fa2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Doug is always with his wife Lois?", "id": "a717b25b36cb45e399d9cb20d1c34bd4", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Doug Riley's wife?", "id": "ce651cb6ee704a50a661d9b3ae85e372", "answers": []}, {"question": "While in Las Vegas Mallory calls Doug and he states?", "id": "02c7e166d9ca4fecbfa764498cb5ada9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Doug move in with after Vivian' death", "id": "2298a089df054c14b30b16bd7e2aeda4", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was Doug and Lois' daughters name?", "id": "088d1e4f2e29469883da3a0dd726b8ea", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film opens in the early 1970s in front of th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens in the early 1970s in front of the Quick Stop Groceries and the Record Rack stores in Leonardo, NJ. A kindly mother leaves a stroller with her toddler son, Bob, in front of the store while she goes inside to buy food. She gives the boy a baseball cap that she puts on his head with the visor turned backwards. Another mother, more foulmouthed and demeaning toward her own toddler, Jay, leaves her stroller in front of the store while she goes into the record store to score drugs. A man walks out & asks her who'll be watching the kids while their mothers are inside. The woman lets loose with a torrent of foul language, laced liberally with the F-word, attacking the man for questioning how she raises her kid. The guy walks away, disgusted The child of the foul-mouthed mother stands up in his stroller and begins to recite the F-word in rhythmic fashion and the scene dissolves to the two boys as young adults; they have grown up to become the foul-mouthed Jay and his taciturn companion, Silent Bob. The duo stand in front of the stores (the Quick Stop is still there but the record store has changed to RST Video) most days and deal drugs. When a couple of teenagers approach them, Jay launches into a rap sales pitch reminiscent of Morris Day & the Time's \"Jungle Love\". When the younger teen derides the song, Jay grabs him and threatens him. From the video store, Randal Graves appears and tells Jay and Bob to let the kid go and that the Time sucked anyway. Jay tells the two buyers that Randal and his coworker, Dante Hicks, are both a gay couple and that their wedding ceremony was Star Wars-themed. Randal says he'll do something that should've been done long ago: he calls the police. Jay and Bob are arrested after Jay mouths off to the cop.Jay and Bob go to the comic book store that bears their name to talk to Banky. They've been slapped with a restraining order that forbids them to go to either Quick Stop or RST. Banky tells them both that they shouldn't have to bother selling drugs anymore because of the royalties they received when the comic series they inspired, Bluntman and Chronic, was sold to a major motion picture studio. The two are stunned, saying they didn't know about the deal. Banky tells them both that they should talk to his old business partner, Holden McNeil, who brokered the deal after he'd bought Banky out of his share of the original comic.The two go to Holden's offices and confront him about the movie. Holden tells them that Banky had lied to them and had brokered the deal, leaving Holden with nothing. He also says that the buzz on the internet is that the movie will be very profitable. Jay and Bob are both clueless as to the existence of the internet and Holden shows them an example of a forum website where fans and non-fans of Bluntman and Chronic are sharing their views on the unfinished film. Jay and Bob are furious at the negative buzz and make it their mission to go to Hollywood and stop the production of the film.Without a car, the two decide to hitchhike. After receiving advice from an expert hitchhiker where he tells them to perform sexual favors for rides, the two are picked up by a nun. She throws them both out of her car when Jay suggests that the Rules of the Road require him to pay her with oral sex. Stranded in front of a Mooby's restaurant, they go inside to get something to eat. They find an internet station and launch a foul-mouthed response to their detractors on Moviepoopshoot.com. While they order their food, a beautiful woman, Justice, walks in. Jay is immediately smitten and imagines kissing her to Bon Jovi's \"Bad Medicine.\" After they introduce themselves, they hitch a ride with Justice and her two companions, Chrissy and Sissy. Also joining them is a geeky guy with a guitar, named Brent. Justice tells them that she and her comrades are animal rights activists who travel ", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of the comic book named after the likeness of Jay and Silent Bob?", "id": "b10f15370ba14082ae796705f865ea03", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was Jay smitten with?", "id": "b09925ff67f54c7f877a1e875587f5a1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was the racist director?", "id": "8a06fa16164746db97bba251f569e2a9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Jay threw Brent out of what?", "id": "245e05b67515482a8df8a56749c2147d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Jay travel with?", "id": "184048099ccc42a78410dbd23eabfa68", "answers": []}, {"question": "What were Jay and Silent Bob selling outside the Quick Stop?", "id": "30c9d7601f8e4af598d3ad9d1a1f883c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where are Jay and Silent Bob questing to?", "id": "53b108f57861462fb0e5291b11cc4cc2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who free the animals?", "id": "6599516d20e9495b883839b0883ad7f1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do Silent Bob and Jay head in order to halt the films production?", "id": "7b581b4234654c4ab93f595d5f96d106", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nSeptember 1939. Mrs. Kay Miniver (Greer Garson) ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nSeptember 1939. Mrs. Kay Miniver (Greer Garson) and her family live a comfortable life at a house called 'Starlings' in Belham, a fictional village outside London, England. The house has a large garden, with a private landing stage on the River Thames at which is moored a motorboat belonging to her devoted husband Clem (Walter Pidgeon), a successful architect. They have three children: the youngsters Toby and Judy (Christopher Severn and Clare Sandars) and an older son Vin (Richard Ney) at university. They have live-in staff: Gladys the housemaid (Brenda Forbes) and Ada the cook (Marie De Becker).As World War II looms, Vin comes down from university and meets Carol Beldon (Teresa Wright), granddaughter of Lady Beldon (Dame May Whitty) from nearby Beldon Hall. Despite initial disagreements (mainly contrasting Vin's idealistic attitude to class differences with Carol's practical altruism) they fall in love. Vin proposes to Carol in front of his family at home after his younger brother prods him to give a less romantic but more honest proposal.Several months later, as the war comes closer to home with the bombing of Great Brittan, Vin feels he must \"do his bit\" and enlists in the Royal Air Force, qualifying as a fighter pilot. He is posted to a base near to his parents' home and is able to signal his safe return from operations to his parents by cutting his engines briefly as he flies over the house. Together with other boat owners, Clem volunteers to take his motorboat to assist in the May-June 1940 Dunkirk evacuation.Early one morning, Kay unable to sleep as Clem is still away, wanders down to the landing stage. She is startled to discover a wounded German pilot (Helmut Dantine) hiding in her garden and he holds her at gunpoint. Demanding food and a coat, the pilot maniacally asserts that the Third Reich will mercilessly overcome its enemies. She feeds him, calmly disarms him and then calls the police. Soon after, Clem returns home, exhausted, from Dunkirk.Lady Beldon visits Kay to try and convince her to talk Vin out of marrying Carol on account of her granddaughter's comparative youth. Lady Beldon is unsuccessful and admits defeat when Kay reminds her that she, too, was young when she married her late husband. Lady Beldon concedes defeat and realises that she would be foolish to try and stop the marriage. Vin and Carol are married; Carol has now also become Mrs Miniver, and they return from their honeymoon in Scotland. A key theme is that she knows he is likely to be killed in action, but the short love will fill her life. Later, Kay and her family take refuge in their Anderson shelter in the garden during an air raid, and attempt to keep their minds off the frightening bombing by reading Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, which Clem refers to as a \"lovely story\" as they barely survive a bomb destroys parts of the house. They take the damage with nonchalance.At the annual village flower show, Lady Beldon silently disregards the judges' decision that her rose is the winner, instead announcing the entry of the local stationmaster, Mr. Ballard (Henry Travers), named the \"Mrs. Miniver\" rose, as the winner, with her own rose taking second prize. As air raid sirens sound and the villagers take refuge in the cellars of Beldon Hall, Kay and Carol drive Vin to join his squadron. On their journey home they witness fighter planes in a 'dogfight'. For safety, Kay stops the car and they see the German plane crash. Kay realises Carol has been wounded by shots from the plane and takes her back to 'Starlings'. She dies a few minutes after they reach home. Kay is devastated. When Vin returns from battle, he already knows the terrible news. Unexpectedly he is the survivor, and she the one who gives her life for England.The villagers assemble at the badly damaged church where their vicar (Henry Wilcoxon) affirms their determination in a powerful sermon:\"We in this quiet corner of England have suffered the loss of friends very dear to us, some ", "qas": [{"question": "What is the house called where Kay Miniver and her family live?", "id": "c8c2a4f82f4a4872872f92e9468e1e48", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is standing beside her?", "id": "b4a898534e39452db4c559ef2f70a4bb", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did Vin and Carol have their honeymoon?", "id": "dedd918135094ca9b43362dca9e99d78", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is this located?", "id": "d49a6990c8ed475f85ff7496cd11dac9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who dies after sustaining wounds caused by the plane shots?", "id": "a47a4a2fed804b238239bdd72b6a73fa", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where was Clem?", "id": "d8726cf419aa47dbb63b42e399e71b79", "answers": []}, {"question": "How did Lady Beldon disregard the judges' decision that her rose was the winner?", "id": "429890b1212b4e90bba493825db30787", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who meets Carol?", "id": "1b8d049b50cd43d7b4d1bab0d7c2ffc5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who volunteers to take his motorboat to assist in the Dunkirk evacuation.", "id": "0882ef6f336e45e2a5992d07ab014774", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Vin enlist in?", "id": "8ecdf25d70964beda02e9a7f23932fd4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is granddaughter of Lady Beldon?", "id": "2057a6d478524cc58c7f630b01955df2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who was Vin supposed to marry?", "id": "cfcab55bd74e4fdbb92f66dc5efe8dcc", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Lady Beldon visit?", "id": "5c58083988d44d16b65c1e41eb754a64", "answers": []}, {"question": "Why did Kay's family take shelter?", "id": "3ede922a3e174e5aa4a0905f29c687fb", "answers": []}, {"question": "What book did Kay and her family read during the air raid?", "id": "7e3c42685db24cd39bb74ec4cfb7c014", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who enlists in the Royal Air Force?", "id": "3fde072fd87b4587859e095707e64d97", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Kay Miniver's husband?", "id": "4c8f72de7ead4c87896ae2630a6fb2d8", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who drove Vin to join his squadron?", "id": "962e08b0dc584c389b0a7b4147e6128c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did the villagers take refuge from air sirens?", "id": "10e8c2c0753041bc899a8abc0a320b98", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which war is taking place?", "id": "f7551fe8a4ca431fb52e83095f26881f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who have they buried?", "id": "e5f6174f73284816b697a4dfac43f667", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did the judges say won the flower show?", "id": "a4da24881a494251910fd8d478a2502e", "answers": []}, {"question": "What have they suffered the loss of?", "id": "6be9479e1c73404982d8913b00dfde21", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the name of the rose Lady Beldon felt won first place?", "id": "6e20e1bbb69945809948b2eb84732bab", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where is Vin returning from?", "id": "3408f102427b41bfb02afced1d7f168e", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the enemy?", "id": "2c4e386737d04ed9b1b8f0fb411192ff", "answers": []}, {"question": "What type of flower won?", "id": "fdde728623e0458daeade628521f9695", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where did Vin and Carol go on their honeymoon?", "id": "30db01e8df54426f9244c6b148a33548", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who did Kay discover hiding in her garden?", "id": "e3f1cd80e88f48f2a63c30c968c21f1a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who returns from the university?", "id": "b7d1832c74934689888e05237b1b8276", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who fall in Love?", "id": "856dd5e5b9e24a29b62a883d24c93198", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Pamela Drury is single and works as a serious jour", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Pamela Drury is single and works as a serious journalist. She spends her birthday alone and becomes lonely and reflects upon her life and the choices she made and secretly wishes she had gotten married and had children. In a box of photos of old boyfriends, she reflects upon why she broke up with one in particular, Robert Dickson, 13 years earlier. She also meets an interesting man, Ben and follows him home, only to see through his window that he is with his family and looks very happy. Shortly afterwards, she is hit by a car while crossing the street.\nThe woman who was driving the car is also Pamela, but is Pamela Dickson; she is from an alternate universe in which she married Robert 13 years earlier. Pamela Dickson takes Pamela Drury to the Dickson family home and the two of them talk in the kitchen. Suddenly, Pamela Dickson's kids come home and she disappears, leaving the unmarried Pamela Drury in a house she has never seen before with three children she does not know. The children assume she is their mother, although they do not quite recognize her sometimes.\nShe soon finds out that her alternate version Pamela Dickson lives in a dull marriage and writes lightweight fluff articles for a mainstream ladies magazine, rather than being the serious reporter that Drury is. She meets Ben again, but in this time-line he was never married and still mourns the loss of the great love of his life, who was killed just before their graduation from college.\nAt first, Pamela Drury was pleased to be with Robert again after all these years apart, but she is soon unhappy and annoyed with married life, and quarrels with Robert. She embarks on an affair with Ben, not mentioning to him that she has a husband and kids (because she still doesn't think of herself as married or a mother). Ben visits her and learns the truth, and walks away angry and disappointed. Soon, Pamela Drury embraces having a family and falls for Robert again, and even stimulates him and enlivens her marriage. Then when Pamela Drury is in a restaurant bathroom, Pamela Dickson shows up again, and the two women switch back to their former lives. Pamela Dickson had been living the life of single Pamela Drury and enjoyed it but ultimately missed her husband and kids so she came back. Pamela Drury is single once more and embraces her life with a new appreciation of all that being single and having a career has to offer. She learns that while she was gone, Pamela Dickson began dating Ben, who actually is divorced from the woman she saw through the window, the same woman who alternate-Ben had thought was his soul mate. Ultimately she sees that both lives are appealing and offer a lot to appreciate.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is Pamela Drury's profession?", "id": "ffd651e1976f4979afb14cb0ab595da3", "answers": []}, {"question": "What kind of marriage does Pamela Dickson have?", "id": "21d6b758e18e45cbbc93d598bd817978", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Pamela married to in another life?", "id": "a1f021ddeb664dd1873ce581d3112de5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\n\nRunning from the Law, and with a badly injured ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\n\nRunning from the Law, and with a badly injured arm, Lin Vanner (Lew Ayres) takes refuge in a priests' home and tells him how and why he has ended up in this condition. It turns out that Vanner was working as an oil man when the company payroll was stolen. After a posse heads out the wrong way in pursuit of a suspect Vanner reasons that the criminal may be heading in a different direction. He heads out after him, but not knowing his identity shoots who he believes is the crook, Sam Tevlin (Edwin Rand) who claims he did not steal the money. When Tevlin is severely questioned by the company owner Mahoney (Barry Kelley), and dies Vanner is stricken with guilt, resigns and goes to a nearby town to take a job as a cattle rancher. When Vanner discovers that the ranch owner he is working for is Ellen Tevlin (Teresa Wright), the widow of the man he shot and killed, his first impulse is to run, but Vanner is compelled by his curiosity as to why Sam may have committed the crime. Ellen's good nature changes to cruelty when she discovers that Vanner was the man who killed her husband. When Vanner confesses his uncertainty about Sam's guilt, Ellen confesses that they were an estranged couple and this allows the two to fall in love. Vanner is compelled to discover the truth about Sam's involvement in the company robbery and after investigation discovers the real criminal and accidentally kills him attempting to bring him to justice and causing the police to pursue him to the priest's home.\n\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "Who is chasing him?", "id": "9d583648016f434a81636042d8ea197b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who gave up their work position to work on a farm?", "id": "8bf8189a39a5478ead64be383cbfd519", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Cynthia Nelson (Mariette Hartley), a teacher at th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Cynthia Nelson (Mariette Hartley), a teacher at the local orphanage, talks with a pastor while watching the sun set before getting ready for a fundraising costume party. Cynthia mentions the \"Santa Ana winds\" which the pastor states are an evil omen. One the orphans, Tommy, wanders into the nearby cemetery where he faintly hears a voice ordering \"To rise; it is time.\" Vampire women rise from their graves and chase Tommy into the clutches of Count Yorga, who was waiting for them.\nYorga, having been in the area while creating his undead harem and hiding them in the cemetery, has purchased a manor next to the orphanage. His intent is to prey on the children and staff there to satisfy his and his vampire-brides' thirst for blood and presumably create an undead-army from the community's women. In his human guise, he goes to the orphanage during their costume party and fund raiser, biting on of the guests, Mitzi, outside the event room before introducing himself to those present to which he meets and becomes smitten with Cynthia. Upon returning to his manor and a throne room of sorts where he's greeted by his Brudah and his female vampire servants, sends his undead brides to her house, using mind-control to get Cynthia's family into one room before having the brides break in and attack them. Cynthia's father and mother are killed after being drained of their blood, while Cynthia's sister, Ellen, is fed upon and transformed into a new vampire bride to serve Yorga. Tommy, who was sleeping over, is untouched having fallen under Yorga's power, and blankly looks on as the carnage unfolds. Cynthia is subdued (though not bitten) and carried by the brides to Yorga's residence where she awakens with no memory of the attack. Yorga tells Cynthia that her family were in a car accident and she was left in his care during their recovery. Yorga tries to charm the young woman into willingly becoming his bride though he is warned by his live-in witch that Cynthia will bring his end if he doesn't kill her or turn her into a vampire soon.\nThe next morning, Jennifer, the Nelsons' mute maid, finds the massacre scene and calls the police. By the time the police arrive though, all of the evidence has been mysteriously cleared away, and Tommy claims that nothing has happened. Later that same morning, Bruddah, Yorga's hulking, facially disfigured servant (like Yorga, also returning from an on-screen death in the first film) drags the corpses of Cynthia's mother and father to a quicksand pit on Yorga's property, disposing of the physical evidence while likewise bring Ellen's body to Yorga to complete her transformation.\nDespite the confusion, David Baldwin, Cynthia's fianc\u00c3\u00a9, is suspicious about the Nelsons' disappearance. Meanwhile, memories of the attack on her family slowly start to resurface in Cynthia's mind as she stays within Yorga's manor. Jennifer, suspicious about Tommy's involvement with the Nelson's disappearance and his visits to Yorga's mansion, loses her patience and slaps Tommy who stares at her in a vengeful manner. Meanwhile, Yorga goes to claim Mitzi, killing her boyfriend near their boat house then biting her, draining her blood and making her a new bride.\nHours later, Ellen's fianc\u00c3\u00a9 Jason is lured to Yorga's mansion by Tommy, on the promise that he would find Ellen. Once at the mansion, Tommy disappears, while Jason is reunited with Ellen. However, in her vampirized state, she is now evil and laughs at him for \"not loving her anymore\", distracting him before her fellow brides attack him from behind. Jason breaks free, only to run into Count Yorga, who chases Jason down a hall and strangles him. Bruddah tosses Jason's body into the throne/coffin room for the brides, including Ellen and newly vampiric Mitzi, to feed upon.\nThat evening, Reverend Thomas phones Jennifer, but it is revealed she lay dead on her bed with a large knife sticking out of her chest. From her window, Tommy can be seen walking ", "qas": [{"question": "Who gives Yorga the final push that sends him plummeting to the ground?", "id": "6455a40ba73b4f10893b97452b1c2c4a", "answers": []}, {"question": "What property has Count Yorga purchased?", "id": "5630b0d2f3a64e0ca1c41497703dbfc6", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does Yorga lead the reverend into?", "id": "7272a4587f2a4ed4bcb8e8f1d17898f7", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the name of Ellen's fiance?", "id": "70cb61bc7ca74ce2a668403ca029601d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nDarma (Pierre Andre) is traumatised by the myste", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nDarma (Pierre Andre) is traumatised by the mysterious death of his fiancee, Rose (Intan Ladyana) who had killed herself. Unknown to him, Rose had been haunted by a malicious spirit which they had brought to her home after picking up a small jar found washed up at the beach. Apparently, the spirit had been imprisoned and was inadvertently released by the couple.At her home, after her death, before leaving Darma had taken the small jar with him, and with it, the malignant spirit.Not satisfied with why Rose had suddenly killed herself, Darma decides to investigate the case with the help of Rose's twin sister, Seri, (also played by Intan Ladyana). As they probe into the death, a series of strange occurrences start to unravel, leaving Darma in a disturbed state of mind that affects his life and career. When he is advised to take a week's break from work, he returns to his village to rest. Unknown to him, he is only getting closer to solving his fiancee's death and the truth behind the strange happenings.It was Darma's senile grandmother who could see the ghost and had unwittingly invited the spirit into the house. In Malay belief, certain spirits cannot enter the house unless invited in. This is similar to the vampire mythology in the West. The ghost in this movie is called Saka. Saka was a ghost that has been kept by the elder for some uncertified reason. Mostly, Saka starts to give problems when it's owner die and Saka needs to be feed. Mostly, Saka will haunt the next generation of the owner.\n\n\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of Rose's twin sister?", "id": "05fe5ca580b64edaa5277b212d48be07", "answers": []}, {"question": "What state of mind is Rose's Grandmother in?", "id": "b2de65a86a44499293f9075f32a88016", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Darma advised to take from work?", "id": "c8973f8c838f4c2797445e2928ac2eff", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who haunted Rose?", "id": "12a371fc2bb74280b1ccc7a6159abeee", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Rose's twin sister?", "id": "ce29c32ecc2d49d49de9cddd1d9219c2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is traumatised by the mysterious death of his fiancee, Rose", "id": "486fd431b05c4db7a5555f373046764d", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was found wash at the beach?", "id": "c8e8cc3161b745728f1c978f7d964ebb", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the ghost in this movie called?", "id": "b2840c44cb2b41958c387bd50943aaef", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film opens in Tokyo, where 27-year-old offic", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens in Tokyo, where 27-year-old office worker Taeko Okajima, is planning to take a 10-day vacation. Having previously visited her sister's husband's farm in Yamagata. She had a good time there before, and has decided to go back again.As she prepares for her trip, her mind drifts back to her youth, when she was 10-years-old. After school lets out, almost all of Taeko's classmates have interesting places they are going to go to, but Taeko does not. When she brings this up to her family, they suggest that Taeko go with the family's Grandmother to a hot springs resort.Taeko eagerly goes with her Grandmother, but finds herself bored when all her Grandmother wishes to do is relax in their room. Taeko goes exploring the myriad baths in the resort by herself, but due to either the overwhelming beauty of one bath (or the heat of the baths), she passes out.While packing, she receives a call from her older sister whose husband owns the farm, and they have a laugh over the past incident.On her way to the train to the farm, Taeko passes by a fruit stand, and is reminded of when the family received a pineapple.This also happened during her 10th year, and she recalls how almost noone knew how to properly cut it. Her father decreed that it would not be touched until it was found out, and a few days later, one of Taeko's sister finds out. There is much eagerness once it is sliced into pieces, but slowly, the family quickly discerns they do not like its taste. Taeko attempts to stomach the pieces she has, and her sisters give her their pieces. In the end, the family concluded that the banana is the \"king of fruits.\"Making it to the train station, Taeko also recalls more about the year 1966, when she was 10-years-old. With the popularity of the Beatles in full-swing, her sisters became enamored with the trends of the time. Her sister Nanako was in art school, and kept up with trends, including wearing a mini-skirt. Her other sister Yaeko had a small crush on an actress in a female acting troupe. However, while her sisters remember these things fondly, Taeko recalls she was too young to really get into these trends like her older sisters.One day after showing her Mother her grades, her Mother finds leftovers from her lunch, and expresses her disappointment in her daughter being picky, and not finishing her food. The next day at lunch, she is sitting next to a boy who is fine with finishing the radish and onion portion of his meal, but dislikes finishing his milk (per school rules, a student can only leave one item to be thrown away from their meal). Taeko offers to give him her radish and onions, and she'll finish his milk. The two quickly make a trade, but Taeko quickly finds that though she has no problems drinking milk, there's a bit too much for her to enjoy a second bowl.Afterwards, Taeko and several of her friends take part in a classroom debate. The topics cover everything from running in the halls, to handling leftovers. Not much is done regarding the issues, and there is much bickering and yelling.After remembering these things, the adult Taeko boards her train for the farm.Once aboard, her memories shift back to an encounter, where three girls from another class gigglingly inform her that a boy in their class named Hirota likes her. Taeko has no idea who Hirota, and her friends show her some graffiti near the school, showing Taeko and Hirota's name under an umbrella-like drawing. Her friends do some research, and find out that Hirota is a good pitcher for his classroom's baseball team.One day, both Taeko and Hirota's classes are pitted against each other in a baseball game.Hirota's female classmates eagerly chant that Taeko is watching, and Taeko's friends cheer for their own homeroom team, in defiance of the other girls. During the game, the cold gets to Takeko, and she rushes for the ", "qas": [{"question": "What was Taeko's mode of travel?", "id": "49a0dad2cfd24e508a61700024a215fa", "answers": []}, {"question": "What city was Taeko traveling to?", "id": "37c66b207da44b1d94245c19fe52461a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\n\nThe film opens on October 30, 1988, nearly ten y", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\n\nThe film opens on October 30, 1988, nearly ten years after Michael Myers's last murderous rampage in Haddonfield, Illinois. An ambulance from Smith's Grove, IL makes its way along the road in a thunderstorm toward the Ridgemont Federal Sanitarium, where Michael, who has been in a coma since then, has been incarcerated. After the apprehensive transfer crew is seen off by medical chief of staff Dr. Hoffman, the ambulance makes its way up the driveway in the storm and back out onto the highway toward Smith's Grove. While in the ambulance, he hears that eight-year-old Jamie Lloyd, his niece and the daughter of Laurie Strode, his first target, is residing in Haddonfield. He immediately grabs and repeatedly bashes a hospital attendant's head against the wall of the ambulance and stabs his finger right into his skull. The other attendant, trapped by the ambulance's locked doors, can only watch helplessly. Soon after, the film introduces Jamie, who has been adopted by the Carruthers family and is still mourning the loss of her mother. Laurie supposedly died in a car accident eleven months earlier. Her older foster sister Rachel comes into her room and consoles her, telling her that she will love her just as much as her mother did. Rachel sends Jamie off to bed and exits the room. Jamie kneels down next to the bed and says her prayers when suddenly, lightning and thunder crash outside, startling her. The door creaks open and as Jamie gets up to close it, the reflection of Michael, donned in his classic white mask and black coveralls, appears in the mirror. Jamie returns to her bed and instantly, Michael's hand reaches out from under the bed and grabs her by the leg. Jamie struggles, gets loose, and runs to her closet. Opening the door, a second Michael appears in front of her, raising his knife. Jamie screams again, attracting the attention of her foster mother, Darlene, who rushes into the room. She finds Jamie, shaking on the floor of her closet, traumatized after what was only a horrific nightmare.Dr. Loomis angrily marches into Hoffman's office the next day, berating him about the transfer of Michael Myers. Hoffman explains that it was mandated by federal law; as he does, he is interrupted by a phone call informing him of an accident involving the ambulance that was carrying Michael Myers. Immediately Loomis smells trouble, and the two men drive to the site of the accident. The state police have secured the scene; the ambulance is upside-down in a river with blood on both the outside & interior. One trooper tells Hoffman it was likely an accident, but Loomis does not believe it. Despite Hoffman's admonishments, Loomis wades into the river & walks round to the ambulance's rear. Inside is a scene of horror; blood is sprayed all over the walls & floor of the ambulance. Immediately, Loomis heads toward Haddonfield, certain that Michael Myers is headed there. Meanwhile, at a gas station, a mechanic works beneath a car, calling for someone to hand him a wrench. When he hears no response, he slides out. There is Michael, raising a long, sharp pole in the air. He thrusts it down into the mechanic's stomach, killing him instantly. Loomis soon after arrives at the gas station and finds the mechanic's body, hanging by a chain from the roof. He also finds several other bodies and immediately sees Michael, standing against the back wall. Loomis shoots at him, but Michael disappears. Loomis scurries out to the exterior of the gas station, barely catching Michael driving away in a truck. Just after, the entire gas station explodes. Loomis survives after crouching behind a nearby barrel.Meanwhile, Jamie is coming home from school to see several kids coming upon her, taunting her that she has no mother. Jamie runs from the scene, crying. At home, Rachel plans to go out for Halloween with her boyfriend, Brady, but her parents refuse and force her to take Jamie trick-or-treating. Rachel protests and Jamie overhears, upset at the fact that Rachel ", "qas": [{"question": "Who is Jamie Lloyd?", "id": "03bd6052657b4be095ca888cc5fafe72", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who murders a worker by throwing him into live high voltage?", "id": "1eaf93e8f2a14c4d9252b06ecdccb6c9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who learns of Michael's escape and goes after him?", "id": "bde2e47c003243da8e73e48f85a18104", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Jamie's foster parents?", "id": "e7b68cd8a7b741d595f4e82599d3e18d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Jamie run into while running from Michael and screaming for help?", "id": "af921654bea5451eaf7bb89306e14718", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where does Dr. Loomis arrives?", "id": "0ff40a4015d247f18e30919962cb8944", "answers": []}, {"question": "How does Michael kill Kelly?", "id": "b7cf931198614cad90ecaf4593b65692", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Michael go to Haddonfield to look for?", "id": "c070283f1370421f815ac9372ebc2ae1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Michael knock off the roof?", "id": "6aabe6310b8b4aa3b0514ec2108e901a", "answers": []}, {"question": "Where do Jamie and Dr. Loomis take shelter while running from Michael?", "id": "0cffee6617514405ad477b3302a931e5", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is stare in horror?", "id": "dac1fe6b5ab247d3aecd20f4521c925c", "answers": []}, {"question": "How long is Michael in a coma?", "id": "ab1a2b3557bc4e03a800bd0dad314918", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who attacks Jamie in the store?", "id": "3edcb7ec0c9844afa9856e04ad1f0af0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who make the clown mask?", "id": "a570b70de97e4664a025386b9c13cba0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Kurtwood Smith plays Myron Castleman,[3][4] an eve", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Kurtwood Smith plays Myron Castleman,[3][4] an everyman stuck in a loop that forces him to constantly relive the same hour of his life over and over, being the only person aware of this. During one loop, he discovers that a scientist named Nathan Rosenbluth has predicted an event that matches his experience. Castleman calls him and explains what is going on, however, Rosenbluth is highly skeptical of his claims. Over the next loops, Myron struggles to get into contact with Rosenbluth again, and in the process becomes frustrated to the point of screaming at his secretary and throwing his suitcase into traffic. Eventually, he does manage to talk to Rosenbluth, who initially dismisses Myron as crazy until Myron describes the transition as the scientist had predicted (including the phrase \"Consciousness is an independent variable,\" which is central to Rosenbluth's theories). The professor sadly informs Castleman that there is nothing that can be done, causing Myron to become hysterical and shoot himself. There is a brief pause until Myron finds himself back at the beginning of the loop, realizing that he is trapped for eternity.\n", "qas": [{"question": "What is the name of Lisa's boss?", "id": "c224b9355ee44b93812aa86d593ee713", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Cristina Moreno (Shelbie Bruce - Aimee Garcia as n", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Cristina Moreno (Shelbie Bruce - Aimee Garcia as narrator) is applying to Princeton University. For her application essay, she tells the story of her childhood and narrates throughout the movie.\nFlor Moreno (Paz Vega) is a poor Mexican single mother who moved to America to have a better life for her and her daughter, Cristina (Shelbie Bruce). When she could not maintain her two jobs due to the safety of her daughter, Flor's cousin takes her to a job interview as a nanny for the Claskys, consisting of John (Adam Sandler) and Deborah Clasky (T\u00c3\u00a9a Leoni), their children Bernice (Sarah Steele) and Georgie (Ian Hayland), and Deborah's mother Evelyn Wright (Cloris Leachman). John is a man who cares about cooking good food and raising his kids. Deborah is a former businesswoman turned stay-at-home mother, and Evelyn is a raging alcoholic. Deborah is uptight and her neurotic behavior often upsets the family: she mentally abuses her daughter to exercise by buying her smaller-sized clothes and putting her down for certain behaviors, and she mentally abuses her husband by telling him to co-parent with her on their son, but she really wants him to be submissive to her parenting instead. John is more laid back and supports the mental well-being of his children, but he feels he cannot stand up to Deborah on her parenting and often leaves it as it is.\nSummer comes and Flor is needed 24/7 at the Claskys' summer home. Unable to communicate well in English, Deborah finds a neighbor to interpret. Flor admits she is unable to maintain these hours because she has a daughter; out of desperation to keep Flor as their nanny, Deborah invites Cristina to come stay with them, acting as interpreter for her mother. Deborah immediately becomes attached to Cristina when she first arrived due to her beauty and begins to treat her more like a daughter than Bernice, taking Cristina shopping, buying her gifts, and getting her hair done. To make Cristina feel more comfortable, John gives the children a small glass-collecting project in which they receive money and includes Cristina. She was given $640 for her glass collection, which Flor finds out. The two argue with Cristina as the interpreter, and Flor wants to leave because of the awkwardness it will create afterwards, but John coaxed her into staying. She begins to learn English so she can communicate better with the Claskys.\nIn the meantime, John opens a new restaurant, but falls into a temporary depression because of the stress of the business, and Deborah is having an affair, dressing provocatively and leaving only at nighttime. She enrolls Cristina into a private school with Bernice, upsetting Flor, who wants Cristina to keep in touch with her Mexican roots and working-class values. She feels Deborah is overstepping her bounds and voices her objection to John, who tells her he is just as stressed because Bernice has no support system from her own mother.\nSummer is over and it is Cristina's and Bernice's first day of school; that afternoon, Cristina was allowed to bring friends back to the Clasky's home from school, but not Bernice. Deborah tries to cover for Cristina to keep her there, but an angry Flor marches to her place. The now-sober Evelyn realizes that her daughter is having an affair and that her marriage is in trouble. She pleads with Deborah to end the affair, telling her she will never get another man as good as John. Deborah confesses to John that she cheated on him and begs him to stay so the two could talk everything over; however, John walks out and bumps into Flor, who was trying to tell him that she is quitting. He offers to give Flor a ride in his car, but he wanted to \"hang out\" when they arrived at her bus stop, and they ended up going to his restaurant, where he cooks for Flor. They become extremely close to the point of falling in love, but Flor is afraid of the consequences of having an affair while they both have kids. While the two enjoyed the ", "qas": [{"question": "Where does Cristina Moreno apply?", "id": "3aca9a89c6ec42cfaab6eedd6ea22af3", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is Flor daughter?", "id": "a3bd33ba7051434babd1cde2ff5fda5a", "answers": []}, {"question": "How much money did John give Cristina?", "id": "8cbef7f4ad484b76b6bc3d809f622321", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is Flor's job?", "id": "f11666c172f54b158327c3b325a3cba7", "answers": []}, {"question": "How much did Cristina get from collecting glass at the beach?", "id": "4a527203932d46158ac8076bbcc60e5c", "answers": []}, {"question": "Whose daughter is Cristina?", "id": "64c62d2b8b8f41c69bcfd58ce6a0f416", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who does Cristina impress?", "id": "4d80226ca3c24fd39527fd1d2cec8321", "answers": []}, {"question": "After John walks out on Deborah, who does he give a ride to?", "id": "b4374911789448eb9125678a846eb567", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which character is learning English?", "id": "865d9461980643c0a1a47e952c371bf4", "answers": []}, {"question": "To which school is Cristina applying to?", "id": "1dafbc03919f4cc493f084699d1d6b60", "answers": []}]}]}], "version": "1.1"}