{"data": [{"title": "Having driven almost thirty hours, I decided to st", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Having driven almost thirty hours, I decided to stay in South Carolina for a few days. The next morning, I purchased a three-day fishing license and bait before heading to the lake. Opening my trunk, I carefully took out my fishing gear , put it on the lake's edge, baited up and began to fish. \"Good morning,\" said someone, walking up from behind me. Turning around, I saw a game warden with a clip-board. \"Good morning,\" I said, nodding my head. \"Catch any fish?\" he asked. \"No sir, just relaxing and killing time.\" \"Can I see your fishing license?\" I handed him the license I had purchased at the bait shop. \"Can I see your driver's license, too?\" he requested. \"I see the name on the driver's license is spelled Kiser and the name on the fishing license is Kaiser,\" said the warden. \"The gentleman at the bait shop must have written it wrong,\" I told him. \"Well, I'm afraid I'll have to write you up for fishing with an invalid license and take away your fishing gear.\" \"You've got to be kidding,\" I responded, with a surprised look on my face. Sure enough I was written up and my fishing gear taken away. I was told that I would have to pay a fine and that my stuff would be sold at auction . I stood there almost in tears as he drove away. Those rods and reels were very special to me. I had used them over twenty years, fishing with my friends, who were now all dead. After returning home in Georgia, I telephoned South Carolina trying to explain the situation, but no one would listen. I was told that the Department of Fish and Game had a \"zero tolerance\" for fishing and hunting violations. Finally, in tears I paid the fine and gave up the fight. Nine months later, I received a letter. I had no idea who it was from as there was no return address. On a plain piece of notebook paper was written \"Auction for the Department of Fish and Game held this Saturday at 11:00 am.\" On Saturday, at six in the morning I headed to South Carolina. By ten o'clock I had found the auction. There were numerous boats and piles upon piles of fishing equipment. All at once, there it was--my wonderful stuff all thrown in a pile as if it was worth nothing. As the auction began I took my seat. In my wallet was twenty-seven dollars. For more than an hour I waited for my property to be brought to the auction block. \"We have three rods and reels here. I guess we will sell this as a unit,\" said the auctioneer. \"50 dollars,\" yelled someone in the crowd. \"51 dollars,\" yelled another man. I rose from my seat and walked out of the auction. \"66 dollars,\" I heard as the bidding continued. \"100 dollars,\" came another bid. The auction became silent. \"100 dollars once, 100 dollars twice, 100 dollars three times. Sold for 100 dollars,\" went the auctioneer. I walked to my truck, got in and just sat there. Suddenly I heard something hit the side of my truck. Turning around, I saw the back of a man putting my three rods and reels into my truck. It was the same game warden who wrote me the ticket almost a year ago! As I got out of the truck he stuck out his hand and said, \"I wasn't wrong. _ \" I shook his hand, thanked him and drove away. I cried as I crossed the South Carolina Georgia state line.", "qas": [{"question": "Who wrote a letter to the writer telling him about the auction?", "id": "fcf5e4b754574a04a07a244f29319973", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The dodo is among the most famous extinct creature", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The dodo is among the most famous extinct creatures, and _ for human-caused extinction events. Despite its bad name, and the fact that the species was alive during recorded human history, little is actually known about how this animal lived, looked, and behaved. A new study of the only known complete skeleton from a single bird takes advantage of modern 3-D laser scanning technology to open a new window into the life of this famous extinct bird. The study was presented at the 74th Annual Meeting of the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology in Estrel, Berlin. Leon Claessens, Associate Professor at the College of the Holy Cross, and lead researcher on the study said that, \"the 3-D laser surface scans we made of the fragile dodo skeletons enable us to reconstruct how the dodo walked, moved and lived to a level of detail that has never been possible before. There are so many outstanding questions about the dodo bird that we can answer with this new knowledge.\" A complete dodo skeleton, found by an amateur collector and barber, Etienne Thirioux, on the island of Mauritius between 1899 and 1917, has remained unstudied, even though it is the only complete dodo skeleton from a single individual bird known to exist. All other skeletons are incomplete combinations, meaning that they are gathered from more than one individual. In addition, Thirioux constructed a second, partially combined skeleton, which contains many bones that also belong to a single bird. \"Being able to examine the skeleton of a single, individual dodo, which is not made up from as many individual birds as there are bones, as is the case in all those other combined skeletons, truly allows us to appreciate the way the dodo looked and see how tall or fat it really was,\" said Juilan Hume, of the Natural History Museum UK, a co-author on the study. The scans were performed on site in Durban, South Africa, and allow examination of the biology of this mysterious extinct bird in detail for the first time. Using the newest digital tools and techniques, the scans provide an insight into how the flightless dodo may have developed its giant size, and how it walked and lived in its forest home. According to Kenneth Rijsdijk, a biologist from University of Amsterdam, \"the skull of the dodo is so large and its mouth so strong that it is easy to understand that the earliest naturalists thought it was related to sharks and other birds of prey , rather than the pigeon family.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What is special about the dodo skeleton found by an amateur collector?", "id": "c2aff95c28994b4ea7023a3d06df1a76", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "On April 20,2013, a big and powerful earthquake at", "paragraphs": [{"context": "On April 20,2013, a big and powerful earthquake attacked Ya'an, Sichuan Province. A great many buildings and houses _ a lot of people were killed and even more people lost their homes in the earthquake . Death toll from the 7.0-magnitude earthquake that hit Ya'an in southwestern China's Sichuan Province has risen to 188 (as of 18:00 pm, April 22, ), according to latest calculations by local Civil Affairs Bureau. At least 11,826 were reportedly injured in the quake while 25 are still missing, the bureau said. Experts are anticipating much less casualties in the quake than that from the 8.0 magnitude quake hit Wenchuan on May 12, 2008, also in Sichuan Province, which killed more than 80,000 and injured over 300,000. Energy released from Wenchuan earthquake would be 30 times of that from Ya'an quake, according to Zhang Xiaonan, an expert with China's Geophysical Union. Dai Junwu with Harbin-based seismological bureau expects the death toll at less than 1,000, and economic losses from the quake could reach up to 100 billion yuan. Police and expert teams have already rushed for rescue in the quick stricken areas, and the State Council has banned unauthorized rescue efforts and individual vehicles from going to the quake zone to avoid congestion . Rescue efforts were carried \"timely and orderly\", said Chinese Premier Li Keqiang who flew to the quicken-stricken area on Sunday, the second day of the quake. He was quoted as saying that \"the current priority is to save lives\".", "qas": [{"question": "When did Ya'an earthquake occur?", "id": "00cd8e6abd0f4ee08c3e6fc9bdeb212d", "answers": []}, {"question": "How many people injured in the earth(as of 18:00 pm, April 22 ) according to the passage?", "id": "32235374c0d14dd7bc20df6d2121dd48", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "People should listen to music for no more than one", "paragraphs": [{"context": "People should listen to music for no more than one hour a day to protect their hearing, the World Health Organization (WHO) suggests. It says 1.1 billion teenagers and young adults are at risk of permanently damaging their hearing by listening to \"too much, too loudly\". It said audio devices , concerts and bars were causing a \"serious threat\". WHO figures show 43 million people aged 12-35 have hearing loss and the number is increasing. In that age group, the WHO said, half of the people in rich and middle-income countries were exposed to unsafe sound levels from personal audio devices. Meanwhile 40% were exposed to damaging levels of sound from clubs and bars. The proportion of US teenagers with hearing loss went from 3.5% in 1994 to 5.3% in 2006. \"What we're trying to do is raise awareness of the problem that is not talked about enough, but has the potential to do a lot of damage that can be easily prevented,\" said Dr Etienne Krug, the WHO's director for injury prevention. The full report argued: \"While it is important to keep the volume down, limiting the use of personal audio devices to less than one hour a day would do much to reduce noise exposure.\" Dr Krug said: \"That's a rough recommendation, it is not by the minute, to give an idea to those spending 10 hours a day listening to an mp3-player. But even an hour can be too much if the volume is too loud.\"", "qas": [{"question": "How many people aged 12-35 were most likely to suffer from hearing loss according to WHO?", "id": "f6166240649b43bdbc8f801a6b14090e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Islands of Hawaii Hawaii The \"Big Island\" of H", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Islands of Hawaii Hawaii The \"Big Island\" of Hawaii is a paradise playground where visitors can enjoy a popular lifestyle and at the same time, witness the attraction of nature: thousands of square miles form a wonderland, featuring breathtaking beaches, forests, snow-covered mountains and amazing active volcanoes. A visit to Volcanoes National Park, which has been described as a true wonder of the world, is a must. It is the state's biggest attraction. Accommodations Seasons Resort Hualalai from $ 205.00Fairmont Orchid: from $108.00 Sightseeing and Experiences Circle Island Tour: from $48.00 Kauai The beautiful landscape of Kauai has led to it being called the \"Garden Isle\", but it is also referred to as the \"Island of discovery\", and with good reason - a land of striking natural contrasts just waiting to be explored. Green mountains, a breathtaking coastline and white sand beaches combine to make it one of the world's most relaxing locations. Accommodations Grand Hyatt Kauai: from $ 101.00Sheraton Kauai Resort: from $ 79.00 Maui Voted the \"World's Best Island\", Maui is widely regarded as one of the most romantic destinations on earth. It is known as the \"Valley Isle\" and was the ancient playground for Hawaiian royalty. The island is largely rural with a small and wonderful population and a host of attractions and nature wonders. Accommodations Hyatt Regency Maui Resort & Spa: from $ 87.00 Sheraton Maui: from $ 99.00 Oahu Oahu has a unique rhythm, filling the air with sweet fragrances , music and language: from lovely beaches and amazing nightlife to beautiful rainforests and quiet valleys. Adventure, history, romance, discovery--Oahu waits for you. Accommodations Halekulani: from $ 121.00 Hilton Hawaiia: Village: from $ 73.00 Sightseeing and Experiences Royal Circle Island Tour: from $ 34.00 Paradise Cove Lu'au: $ 44.00 # All prices are based on per person per night.", "qas": [{"question": "Which island was the ancient playground for Hawaiian royalty?", "id": "d7bde76250a14f4a878fe8e52757cec6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Researchers from France and Italy discovered that ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Researchers from France and Italy discovered that Canadian parents are less strict with their children than mothers and fathers in France and Italy. \"Our most important finding was the difference between Canadians and the others,\" said Professor Michel Claes,the lead author of the study.\"Canadians focus on independence and negotiation.On the other hand,Italians,for example,exercise more control.We found Canadians seem to focus on negotiation in case of a conflict.\" Claes said Canada,France and Italy were selected for the study because they share important cultural and social factors.\"We chose FrenchCanadians because they share the same language as France,and originally came from France and share certain values.Italy was included because it was considered to have similar,strong and important family values,\" he explained. The researchers examined the emotional ties between parents and their children by questioning 1,256 students aged 11 to 19 years old. Canadian students reported less control and more free actions,according to the study.Italian parents were stricter and French parents were somewhere in the middle. Claes explains that the differences lie in education in Canada,France and Italy. \"North America has its own educational values,which promote individualization.Tolerance and comprehension are encouraged.Italy,on the other hand,promotes respect of authority,control,and the need for permission.\" he said. Children from all three countries described their mothers as warm and communicative.Italian and Canadian children had similar feelings about their fathers,and reported high levels of emotional ties.But French fathers were generally thought by their children to be more distant and cold. \"We were surprised by this,\" Claes admitted.\"It seems as though the relationships between French mothers and their children were becoming closer over time,while fathers maintain a form of distance and coldness,which is more of a source of conflict in France than in the other countries.\"", "qas": [{"question": "According to Michel Claes,what mainly leads to the differences in parentchildren relationships among Canada,France and Italy?", "id": "ae75beb653e14c65a7d4aadae3dae9da", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "There is nothing in the Hippocratic Oath that tell", "paragraphs": [{"context": "There is nothing in the Hippocratic Oath that tells doctors what to do when they make a mistake with a patient. Nor is there much on this subject in medical school curriculums or in training programs. _ Much was made of the Institute of Medicine's 1999 report that 44,000 to 98,000 people die each year in hospitals from preventable medical errors, many of them made by doctors. The report stated much first-hand information to address the problem, but there was little discussion about how doctors, when they have made mistakes, should deal with their patients, Everyone assumes that the ever-present threat of accusation has made doctors more anxious about admitting error, and no doubt it has, But doctors have always been tight-lipped about their mistakes, in part to preserve an illusion(,) of medical omnipotence Studies suggest that patients are less likely to accuse doctors when they apologize for mistakes, and many hospitals now encourage their physicians to admit their errors. According to an supportive group called The Sorry Works! Coalition, 16 states have already passed laws giving doctors legal immunity for their apologies to patients. Of course, there are plenty of doctors with a nice bedside manner who can get away with bad treatment. How else to explain patients who often line up in court to support doctors accused of malpractice ? The surprising truth is that many patients have a hard time knowing whether they are really getting good medical care. Because so many diseases change randomly over time, patients sometimes spontaneously improve despite improper treatment. On the other hand, a patient who receives exemplary medical care may fare badly simply because the illness is hard to treat. In other words, doctors are often praised or blamed, when the outcome is in fact a chance event. Many, perhaps even most, medical errors probably have little ill effect and go unnoticed by patients. Many lawyers would disagree, but doctors ought to let their patients know when they've made a mistake; it humanizes them and builds trust.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the author's attitude toward the opinion that the doctor should apologize when he makes a mistake?", "id": "209871c93a954b10afc689560e0f4ac6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Tokyo is one of those places that you can love and", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Tokyo is one of those places that you can love and hate at the same time. In Tokyo there are always too many people in the places where I want to be. Of course there are too many cars. The Japanese drive very fast, but in Tokyo they often spend a long time in traffic jams . Tokyo is not different from London, Paris and New York in that. It is different when one wants to walk. At certain times of the day there are a lot of people on foot in London Oxford Street. But the streets near the Ginze in Tokyo always have a lot of people on foot; and sometimes it is really difficult to walk. People are very polite; there are just too many of them. The worst time to be in the street is at 11: 30 at night. That is when the night-clubs are closing and everybody wants to go home. There are 35,000 night-clubs in Tokyo, and you do not often see one that is empty. During the day, most people travel to and from work by train. Tokyo people buy six million train tickets every day. At most stations, trains arrive every two or three minutes, but at certain hours there do not seem to be enough trains. Although they are usually crowded, Japanese trains are very good. They always leave and arrive on time. On a London train you would see everybody reading a newspaper. In Tokyo trains everybody in a seat seems to be asleep, whether his journey is long or short. In Tokyo, I stood outside the station for five minutes. Three fire-engines race past on the way to one of the many fires that Tokyo has every day. Tokyo has so many surprises that none of them can really surprise me now.", "qas": [{"question": "Where can you find everybody reading a newspaper?", "id": "555d80cef6ac4e1f991845c50c413bef", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "America was faced with one of its worst ever mass ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "America was faced with one of its worst ever mass shootings on Friday when 20 children and six adults were shot dead by a gunman who opened fire at an elementary school in Connecticut. The gunshot atSandy Hook element school in Newtown, about 65 miles north-east.of New York, is understood to have been carried out by a gunman who was later found dead at the scene. State policeman Paul Vance said 18 children died at the scene and two more died ,n hospital.Six adults were found dead at the school, Vance said.The bodies of the victims remain inside the school. In an emotional press conference at the White House, Barack Obama suggested that he may take action.Fighting back tears, he said: \"We've tolemted too many of these tragedies in the past few years.And each time I learn the news I react no.as a president, but as anybody else would - as a panent.And that was especially true today.I know there's not a parent in America who isn't in the same overwhelming sorrow that I am,\" Referring to a number of major shootings this year alone, Obama continued \"Whether it's an elemental school in Newtown, or a shopping mall in Oregon , a temple in Wisconsin, or a movie theater in Auron, or a street comer in Chicago - these neighborhoods are our neighborhoods, and these children are our children.And we-,, going to have to come together and take meaningful action to prevent more tragedies like this, regariless of the politics.\"", "qas": [{"question": "How many people died at the scene?", "id": "e9fa175713f34e9382d4ceb379937f5c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Kiss crisis, hug horrors and the UK's handshake he", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Kiss crisis, hug horrors and the UK's handshake headaches Greeting someone, saying goodbye - these situations fill me with unease. You have a second to make a dangerous decision. One peck ? Two pecks? Three? No kisses at all? Why, I think, as I crash into the other person's face, why can't it be as simple as a handshake? A survey by the soap company Radox in May showed one in five Brits now feels a handshake is \"too formal\", according to the Daily Mail. Some 42 percent said they never shook hands when greeting friends. For one third of people the alternative was a hug, for 16 percent a kiss on the cheek. British people are known to be reserved - unfriendly, some would say. Handshakes used to work for us because we didn't have to get too close. But the super-British handshake is no longer fashionable. We want to be more like our easygoing Mediterranean neighbors who greet each other with kisses and hugs. The trouble is, we still find it a bit awkward. What does a married man do when greeting a married female friend, for example? How should someone younger greet someone older? Guys don't tend to kiss one another; my male friends in Britain go for the \"manly hug\", taking each other stiffly in one arm and giving a few thumps on the back with words like \"Take it easy, yeah?\". The biggest questions, if you do decide to kiss, are how many times and which cheek first. Unlike the French, who comfortably deliver three, our cheek-pecks usually end in embarrassed giggling : \"Oh, gosh, sorry, I didn't mean to kiss you on the lips, I never know where to aim for first!\" But then it's never been easy for us poor, uncomfortable Brits. Even the handshake had its problems: don't shake too hard, but don't hold the other person's hand too limply either, and definitely don't go in with sweaty hands. Maybe it's better to leave it at a smile and a nod.", "qas": [{"question": "Which does the author think might be the safest form of greeting for a British person?", "id": "cb3a57d893e4427188c08d48e60a5c8e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Why should mankind explore space? Why should money", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Why should mankind explore space? Why should money, time and effort be spent exploring and researching something with so few obvious benefits? Why should resources be spent on space rather than on conditions and people on Earth? These are questions that, understandably, are very often asked. Perhaps the best answer lies in our genetic makeup as human beings. What drove our ancestors to move from the trees into the plains, and on into all possible areas and environments? The wider the spread of a species, the better its chance of survival. Perhaps the best reason for exploring space is this genetic tendency to expand wherever possible. Nearly every successful civilization has explored, because by doing so, any dangers in surrounding areas can be identified and prepared for. Without knowledge, we may be completely destroyed by the danger. With knowledge, we can lessen its effects. Exploration also allows minerals and other potential resources to be found. Even if we have no immediate need of them, they will perhaps be useful later. Resources may be more than physical possessions . Knowledge or techniques have been gained through exploration. The techniques may have medical applications which can improve the length or quality of our lives. We have already benefited from other spin-offs including improvements in earthquake prediction, in satellites for weather forecasting and in communications systems. Even non-stick pans and mirrored sunglasses are by-products of technological developments in the space industry! While many resources are spent on what seems a small return, the exploration of space allows creative, brave and intelligent members of our species to focus on what may serve to save us. While space may hold many wonders and explanations of how the universe was formed or how it works, it also holds dangers. The danger exists, but knowledge can help human being to survive. Without the ability to reach out across space, the chance to save ourselves might not exist. While Earth is the only planet known to support life, surely the adaptive ability of humans would allow us to live on other planets. It is true that the lifestyle would be different, but human life and cultures have adapted in the past and surely could in the future.", "qas": [{"question": "What makes it possible for humans to live on other planets?", "id": "385a6f052d8546e8a0530cdc7d7962c2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "What did the arrival of the Internet and 24 hours ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "What did the arrival of the Internet and 24 hours news mean for British newspapers? At first, this looked like the end of printed newspapers. The national newspapers were worried that they would lose all the readers, so most of them decided to create an online version . But they still had a problem. How to make money? There was simply too much news and too much information freely available \"out there\". But was it accurate ( )? Whose opinions should we trust? A survey for a \"good newspaper\", and most of those said.they believe more of what they read in paid-for newspapers. Here was something newspapers understood--here was what they could offer: news plus comment and opinion. And the Internet now offered new opportunities. A newspaper was just that: news printed on paper. But the Internet now offered newspapers different places to print, and in different media. Many newspapers now have podcasts and video too. This may explain why the readership of newspaper online in the UK is very different from people who read printed newspapers. The most popular newspaper in the UK is The Sun, The \"mid-market\" audience mainly reads The Daily Mail. Online, it's a different story. The most popular is The Mail. And the next popular site is TheGuardian. In fact many of these browsers are not from the UK. The Mail and Guardian are among the most read newspapers in the USA. The Guardian, may become the largest English language paper on the web; a website with a newspaper attached!", "qas": [{"question": "The largest English language paper on the Internet may be    .", "id": "fe3cdc7aa242469f87d33312ce57cf9a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "World Book Day is a celebration of all things wond", "paragraphs": [{"context": "World Book Day is a celebration of all things wonderful about books for all ages, with author events, school fancy-dress parades and a PS1 book token given to all school children under 18. It is a yearly event on 23rd April, organized by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) to promote reading. In the United Kingdom, the day is recognized on the first Thursday in March. On 3rd March 2016 children of all ages in the UK will come together to appreciate reading. Sometimes, reading a modern novel can be tough ( Booker Prize winner The Luminaries runs to 832 pages! ), especially if reading is not your strong suit. In fact, one in six people in the UK never pick up a book because they've experienced difficulties or are out of the habit of reading for pleasure. The Galaxy Quick Reads series are designed to introduce reluctant readers to bestselling short funny novels, which bring the joy of reading without demanding hours of concentrated time. They cover a range of subjects, from romance to comedy. Jojo Moyes's Paris For One is a romantic adventure in which 26-year-old Nell books a weekend away to Paris with her lazy, neglectful boyfriend. When he fails to turn up, she is alone in the city. That is, until she meets Fabien, who shows her the charms of the French capital -- in more ways than one. Adele Geras's moving story Out In The Dark was set in World War I, in which young Rob came back from the battlefields. Determined to find the officer's widow to return the photo of her and their daughter that the captain kept with him, he traveled several thousand miles but never gave up. Dead Man Talking is a fantastic tale of Pat, who had a terrible fight with his best friend, Joe, ten years ago -- but now hears that Joe is dead, and he must attend his funeral. But Joe is not going quietly that very night -- he's lying in his coffin being very chatty indeed.", "qas": [{"question": "What else do you expect the author to introduce?", "id": "12d01b767ef5430d8d6ba5565edd922b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "IT'S over - millions of Senior 3 students across t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "IT'S over - millions of Senior 3 students across the country have finished their last exams. But in two years, it'll be your turn in the examination room. How can you spend the time you have left to best effect? Read these thoughts from new graduates to get some pointers. Cao A'min, 18 Xuanhua No 1 High School, Hebei Study: Keeping pace with teachers is a good way to study. Teachers are experienced and their plans are systematic . But remember to work in a way that suits you. It's also important to learn from past mistakes. Keep a notebook to make a record of the mistakes you make - it'll help you avoid making the same ones later. Zhang Zilu, 17 Xinyu No 1 High School, Jiangxi Friendship: This time of life may be hard, but you're not alone. You may be busy studying, but you can show you care by calling your friends or sending a short message. Don't let your friendships die. Some boys and girls in my class were in love, but I'd advise against a relationship at this stage. Zhan Yu, 17 Huanggang High School, Hubei Health: It's as important to live well as it is to study well, I think. I went to bed no later than 11:30 pm. It put me in the right mood for the next day. I didn't follow a special diet , but I did make sure I ate a nutritious breakfast each day. Ju Shuntian, 18 Yantai Economic and Technological Development Zone Senior High School, Shandong Relaxation: The person who plays well, studies well. Having a lot of schoolwork doesn't mean having to give up on every other activity. I played basketball or took a walk to relax when I felt tired. Time out is not a waste of time but helps you study more efficiently . Zhang Qingzhou, 17 Dongtai High School, Jiangsu Options: Besides taking the big exam, you have other choices for college. I took the independent enrollment exam held by Peking University and some other students even prepared to study abroad. Pay attention to any relevant information you can find, whether it's from school, the news media or another source .", "qas": [{"question": "If you'd like to take the independent enrollment, what should you do?", "id": "2af3df0a81f946659e884ac7b4236c48", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "English Language and Culture Program If you wish t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "English Language and Culture Program If you wish to improve your English-language skills as well as your understanding of the Canadian cultural context, the courses offered by ELC Evening are for you. Whether your goals are academic, business or immigration-related, there is a course to meet your needs. Evening course tuition:$490,0. All evening courses run for 10 weeks.A $50 discount is available to returning students or students attending two or more courses. ELC 550 Mondays, July 7 - September 22, 2008August 4 & September 11- HOLIDAY Mondays, October 6-December 15.2008 October 13-HOLIDAY This course is designed for non-native Englisli speakers who wish to take the 1ELTS (International English Language Testing System) exam.Each week, participants focus on specific modules of the test (speaking, reading, listening, and writing) to develop and improve the skills they need to succeed on the exam. ELC 552 Tuesdays, Aprils8-June 10,2008 Tuesdays, October 7 - December.16, 2008 November 11 - HOLIDAY This course is designed for participants who wish to improve their fluency and expressiveness in English.Production skills will be targeted, including pronunciation, intonation, rhythm, and stress.Participants are required to complete weekly in-class assignments , including speeches, monologues, interviews, and role-plays. ELC 554 Wednesdays, July 9 - September 10.2008 Wednesdays, October 8 -December 10.2008 This course is designed for non-native English-speaking university and college participants who wish to improve their academic leading and writing skills.This course gives participants the tools required for presenting information and building persuasive arguments in clear and cohesive written forms. ELC 555 Thursdays, July 10 - September 11, 2008 Thursdays, October 9 - December 11, 2008 This course is designed for non-native English speakers who are either working or planning to work in a business environment.Areas of focus include handling telephone conversations, networking, participating in meetings, negotiating, making presentations, and conducting interviews.", "qas": [{"question": "Which is the proper time for one who wants to find a job in business field?", "id": "c7482c0581e94f1e977234b57ccf9d82", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Physical fitness refers to good health, and is the", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Physical fitness refers to good health, and is the result of regular exercise, proper diet and nutrition, and proper rest for physical recovery. A person who is physically fit will be able to walk or run without getting breathless and he or she will be able to carry out the activities of everyday living and will not need help. How much each person can do will depend on their age and whether they are a man or woman. A physically fit person usually has a normal weight for height. The relation between height and weight is called the Body Mass Index. A taller person can be heavier and still be fit. If a person is too heavy or too thin for the height it may affect the health. Mental health refers to a person's emotional and psychological well-being. \"A state of emotional and psychological well-being in which an individual is able to use his or her thinking and emotional(feeling) abilities, function in society, and meet the ordinary demands of everyday life.\" One way to think about mental health is by looking at how well a person functions. Feeling capable and efficient, being able to handle normal levels of stress, having good friends and family, and leading an independent life, and being able to \"bounce back\" or recovering from hardships, are all signs of mental health. Public Health refers to trying to stop a disease that is unhealthy to the community, and does not help in long life or promote your health. This is fixed by organized efforts and choices of society, public and private clubs, communities and individuals. It is about the health of many people, or everybody, rather than one person. Public health stops instead of encouraging a disease through surveillance of cases. To prevent being sick, it is good to do healthy behaviors, such as hand washing, vaccination programs and so on. When infectious diseases break out, washing hands may be especially important.", "qas": [{"question": "What can promote your body health according to the passage?", "id": "20c1b9fb8b4f4188a4148639e73491ff", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This charming table lamp is a wonderful way to add", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This charming table lamp is a wonderful way to add customized color and accented lighting to a room. Turn on this light and give your home the soft glow while adding a natural style to your home. The lamp comes with an on/off switch for easy lighting control. Product Features * Perfect ambiance with soft glow; an all-in-combining the beauty of decorative lighting. * Made with eco-friendly dark stained natural bamboo pole; parchment canvas shade. * Designed for a 35 watt bulb (not included); on/off switch for easy lighting control. * Measurements: (5.25 inches Wx5.25 inches D x8 inches H ) * Handcrafted by skilled artisan; light bulb not included. List price: $55.00 Our price: $39.00l You save: $15.05 You will love this coffee table with a traditional style. You can place this elegant table in your living room for an instant style update. This beautiful pie-shaped table features a lift top for convenience, in a warm dark walnut finish that will add depth to your room. An angular apron at the base, and silver metal feet complete the fine look. Create a warm and welcoming living room that is great for entertaining, with this excellent cocktail table. Product Features * Dark brown pie-shaped coffee table * Wooden structure with dark brown walnut finish * Unique pie-shaped design * Features a lift top that raises the top surface * Accented with silver finish legs List Price: $1,698 Our Price: $459.29 You Save: $1,238.71 The Home Office Desk by Coaster combines clean lines and functionality. Serving as a convenient computer space the wide glass-top desk includes a keyboard tray, two file drawers and two locking drawers to keep your work materials safe. Enjoy your work with this comfortable desk. List Price: $919.00 Our Price: $399.00 You Save: $ 520.99", "qas": [{"question": "Which of the above goods has the least discount?", "id": "38489f467bb04d9b96973e5f0e871935", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Contestants from around the world met in Pomona, C", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Contestants from around the world met in Pomona, California, this month to test their skills at things like driving a car, walking down stairs, and opening doors. Sounds easy, right? But the competitors weren't people--they were robots! The bots were participating in the final round of the US's DARPA(Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) Robotics Challenge. This event, which took place on June 5-6, tested robots on how well they could respond during a disaster and the winning team finally took home a $2 million grand prize. The DARPA challenge was created after the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan. An earthquake caused a tsunami, which damaged a nuclear power plant. Workers at the plant needed to shut off an important valve , but it was too dangerous for humans to reach it. The US scientists at DARPA wondered whether the disaster could have been avoided if a robot had been sent to do _ . So they set up the robotics competition. Turning a valve was just one task a robot might have to perform when entering a disaster zone. In addition to doing this, robots participating in the challenge had to navigate a course containing several other tasks: driving and exiting a vehicle, opening a door, walking over or clearing objects, cutting a hole in a wall, plus climbing a flight of stairs. Teams had to complete the challenge in one hour, and points were awarded based on how quickly the robots completed a task. They didn't have to attempt all the tasks. To make things even more realistic, challenge organizers caused short computer-system blackouts that prevented robots and the human operators controlling them from communicating. That means teams had to program their robots to be partially autonomous . Robots also couldn't be attached to anything that could keep them from falling down, which happened a lot.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the text mainly about?", "id": "010b12cf3387448fa1a664966d32f06f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Welcome to Cambridge Dictionaries Online! Cambridg", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Welcome to Cambridge Dictionaries Online! Cambridge University Press publishes a range of dictionaries for learners of English all around the world. You can search our dictionaries using the search box at the top of the page. New for elementary learners We've added two new choices to Cambridge Dictionaries Online-Essential British English and Essential American English. Both are for elementary, and lower intermediate learners of English, and are specially written to make the definitions and examples easy to understand. They cover all of the vocabulary that elementary and lower intermediate students need to make progress, and help students to arrange their learning by showing the words that should be known at Al, A2, and B1 levels. You can look up the dictionaries from the dropdown box at the top of the page. More than just a dictionary Don't forget to visit our New Words, which keeps you up to date with those words and meanings that are just starting to be used in English. There's also About Words, our fascinating blog about how the English language behaves. You can give your opinion on new expressions or blog posts by voting or leaving comments, so get involved! Tell your friends! If you find something you like, you can now share it with your friends. Just elide on the relevant icon to spread the word. You can also become a fan on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, or add a Cambridge Dictionary toolbar to your computer -- it's now easier than ever. Do you like Cambridge Dictionaries Online? Could you make it even better? Let us know your thoughts and ideas! Email us and let us know: dictionary@cambridge.org. Paul Heacock Dictionaries Publishing Manager Cambridge University Press", "qas": [{"question": "Where can you express your views about the new expressions?", "id": "78a622bcbab149f7afd5bfba7cd68b89", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "OUR KIDS ARE AMAZING-especially compared with ever", "paragraphs": [{"context": "OUR KIDS ARE AMAZING-especially compared with everybody else's (who seem to cry all the time). How do you show your love for your kids this holiday season? With toys that are smooth and colorful, interactive and exciting. And with ones that have educational value-because you are the boss. 1. FLAX ART HOSPITAL PUZZLE AND PLAY SET Here is a toy that doesn't need power-and the bike have to put it together themselves. This 50 piece puzzle set is made of soft edged hardwood and makes a complete hospital, with an X ray room. It also includes eight patients, a car and a driver. $135; flaxart.com. 2. TINY LOVE ACTIVITY BALL Sure, it's cool, but this colorful baby toy also develops problem solving and motor skills. It has a head and legs, a magnetic hand and a tail. Suitable for little ones from 6 to 36 months. $19.95; tinylove.com. 3. ROBOSAPIEN This small, remote control robot is really powerful. It performs 67 preprogrammed functions , including throwing, kicking, picking up and dancing. You can even program your own function which, sadly, does not include doing windows. $99; robosapienonline.com. 4. MINI PEDAL CAR Want a Mini Cooper but can't fit the family inside? Get one for the kids. They can jump into this Mini car, which comes in hot orange with a single adjustable seat, and ride away. But it could spoil them for that used car they'll be driving when they turn 16.For ages 3 to 5.$189; minus A. com (click on \"gear up,\" then \"Mini motoring gear\").", "qas": [{"question": "Which toy is said to have the special design for children's safety?", "id": "a2fbfae05a394f5a84e563416e16f760", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Regularly staying late at the office significantly", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Regularly staying late at the office significantly increases the risk of having a stroke or heart attack, researchers have found, working just an hour extra each day pushes up stroke risk by 10 per cent, according to a huge review of working patterns. And people who work an extra three hours a day--or 55 hours a week--are 33 per cent more likely to have a stroke, the scientists found. The research, published in the Lancet medical journal, is based on health records of more than 500, 000 people across Europe, the US and Australia. Scientists led by University College London warned that people who work longer hours tend to do less exercise, sit at a computer for hours at a time and drink more than people with a better work-life balance. Repeated stress may also be to blame for greater health problems, the scientists think. They looked at the combined result of 17 previous studies, in which 529, 000 people were tracked over an average of seven years. Experts stressed that the study had only found a link between hours worked and heart problems---it had not proved what had actually caused each death. But they warned people to take note of the findings. Dr Tim Chico, consultant cardiologist at Sheffield Teaching Hospitals, said \"For many people, reducing their working hours would be difficult or impossible, and this study does not show that it would reduce the risk of stroke.\" Most of us could reduce the amount of time we spend sitting down, increase our physical activity and improve our diet while working and this might be more important the more time we spend at work.", "qas": [{"question": "Which areas are involved in the research?", "id": "809cfd6da3934e50b8ca6c1626064f09", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Online clothes shoppers will be told exactly what ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Online clothes shoppers will be told exactly what size is best. for them using new software which combines with their web camera or smart phone to form a\"3D tape measure\". Scientists from Surrey University and design experts from the London College of Fashion are developing a program which can take precise waist, hip, chest and other measurements from camera images. Using the person's height as a starting point,the software will be able to build up a 3D image and estimate their size at various different points on the body, based on their overall proportions. The result will be a more accurate sizing guide than previous systems based on waist size or a \"small/medium/large\"scale, which rely on limited measurements and the buyer's perception of their own body size. Shoppers and retailers who choose to sign up for the project could save millions of pounds a year in postage costs by removing the need to order multiple sizes of the same garment and send back ill-fitting clothes, researchers claimed. The project, sponsored by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council(EPSRC), is expected to be brought to market within two years. After choosing an item, the shopper will activate the software, enter their height, stand in front of their webcam or smart phone in their underwear and take a photograph. The software will not store or transmit the image to the internet, but will use it to judge the person's dimensions at various points on their body. Philip Delamore of the London College of Fashion said:\"The potential benefits for the fashion industry and for shoppers are huge. Currently, it's common for online shoppers to order two or three different sizes of the same item of clothing at the same time, as they're unsure which one will fit best.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What is the essential part of a 3D tape measure?", "id": "fafcd5eefc93407582023c48da66d48a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Many ESL (English as a Second Language) students i", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Many ESL (English as a Second Language) students in the United States enroll in academic preparation programs and are in their late teens or early twenties. This is often a time when students are looking back on childhood in a different way. Their childhood memories and their viewpoint on those memories can be very useful for the production of wonderfully creative writing. For this project, the students began in class by closing their eyes and trying to return to their childhood years in order to bring early memories to their mind. After imagining for a few minutes, they began to tell each other what they remembered about those years and tried to describe a particular incident that stood out in their memories. That evening they wrote in their journals about the incident, embellishing the story as much as possible. The next day, they read the story to a different partner and got feedback . The partner's job was to: ask more questions to bring back the writer's memory; help the writer make sure that past tense verbs were used correctly, focusing on the difference between those things that were still true and needed present tense and those things that belonged specifically to the past. Two days later, students made necessary changes or additions and turned in a typed copy of their story. I then made my own comments about their work and asked them to revise their work. The third draft produced some very good work.", "qas": [{"question": "What did the author ask his students to write about?", "id": "ffaf3fb9c0984cc5acb74fad0e5da194", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A chip inserted in a young quadriplegic's brain is", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A chip inserted in a young quadriplegic's brain is already improving his quality of life. Soon the benefits may be more widespread. A 25-year-old man unable to move from the neck down recently did what many assumed impossible. After a knife attack that had left him paralyzed, all he could move was his head, which he used to push a switch and call for a nurse. And he could turn his wheelchair by blowing into a straw near his face. That was it. Then last June, a Foxborough (Mass.) company called Cyber Kinetics opened the man's skull and inserted a special chip no larger than a baby aspirin. That insert has given him a few additional and precious abilities. When connected to a special computer via a cable, the chip translates the young man's thoughts into commands that let him move a cursor across a PC screen and open e-mail. He can draw a circle with a computer painting program. And he can use a robotic hook to perform simple tasks like picking up a candy and sliding it across a table. All he has to do is to think. Several new studies have begun or been completed in the past year. In fact, more than half of the scientific papers in this field, called brain-to-computer interaction (BCI), have been published in the past two years, notes Jonathan Wolpaw, a research physician at Wadsworth Center, the New York State Health Dept.'s research laboratory. Brain surgeries are no longer rare: Thousands of Parkinson's disease patients have had special devices inserted in their brains to ease uncontrollable shaking and other symptoms. The inserts themselves have improved, so the body doesn't reject them as furiously . And significant development has been achieved in software used to interpret the brain's signals and change them into commands understood by computers. But increased demand for thought technology remains the biggest reason for the field's progress. Today, 4 million Americans live with paralysis according to the Christopher Reeve Paralysis Foundation. Scientists hope that thought technology will reduce the impact of such disabilities. People with spinal-cord injuries, for example, often lose their ability to walk because the communications network between their brain and their legs has been interrupted. The brain still commands the leg muscles to move, but they don't hear its orders. Thought technology, scientists hope, will bridge this communications gap. \"Our goal is for you to see paralyzed people eating at a restaurant and for you not to know that they are paralyzed,\" says John Donoghue, founder and chief scientific officer at Cyber Kinetics.", "qas": [{"question": "What plays the most important role in improving the young man's quality of life?", "id": "bb5151a6e89544b091b2faf26add654b", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the passage mainly about?", "id": "b1b27cc061fc428a923c251dff966d25", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Goodreads. com is a website for book lovers everyw", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Goodreads. com is a website for book lovers everywhere. If you love to read, and if you love social networking, you should check out Goodreads. The website marries social networking and books in such a way as makes your friends' reading progress easy to follow and makes it simpler than ever to find your next reading material. Goodreads is a social network for readers. Like Facebook or Twitter, it allows you to share information. Unlike most popular social networks, Goodreads also allows you to show your friends your progress on the book you are reading and to write reviews for everything you've ever read. You can see and comment on your friends' reading progress. Goodreads is simple to use. When you sign up for an account, you will be able to find your friends by their email addresses or other social network accounts. Once you have some friends, every time you log in, you will see a timeline of their updates. You can see when they've added a book to a list, or when they've finished or reviewed a book. As soon as you have an account, you can also start looking for books you've read or that you want to read and added them to your lists. Once you finish reading a book, you can go to the book page and review it by giving it any number out of five stars. If you wish to write a longer review, you can do that, too. If you have ever finished a book and needed a recommendation for what to read next, Goodreads has the answer. Finding your next book has never been easier. Now, not only can you search for individual books you know you want to read and add them to your \"to read\" list, but you can also easily see what your friends have recently read. When you search through your friends' reviews, you can also see who likes what books, making your selection process even easier. Adding books to your \"to read\" list can help you keep track of what you want to read next, and seeing what books your friends enjoy - or don't enjoy- can help you better your list of books to read next. Like all good social networks, Goodreads has apps for mobile phones and ways to connect to other social networks. You can get Goodreads for iphone and Android by downloading them from the App Store or Andorid Market. You can also connect your Facebook and Twitter accounts so all of your networks know what you're reading. Furthermore, you can connect your Amazon Kindle to automatically update your progress on your e-books. Last but not least , you can set up Goodreads to auto- publish book reviews to your Wordpress or blog. Sharing your favorite books has never been easier . If you want to create a web space for your own book club, you can do that easily; just start a new group on Goodreads and update the page to show what books you're reading. You can also create events to easily share with members where and when book club meetings and author readings are taking place. Goodreads. com is young, but we will do our best to attract more people and we hope you can use it and give us your advice.", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the potential readers of the passage ?", "id": "e7fe0fe4d88e4806a59bc1dc9274717f", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is essential for you to use Goodreads ?", "id": "041c7973ec734c968ba0c830691fddd4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "How can something that represents nothing in parti", "paragraphs": [{"context": "How can something that represents nothing in particular be so eye-catching to look at? If you have once said, \"That is easy to paint... Who would pay that significant amount of money for something that doesn't even relate to anything?\", then chances are that you do not appreciate what Abstract Art really is. When looking at Abstract Art, you are seeing the most freely formed type of artwork an artist can create. _ 1 _ . You would think that when looking at art that is non-representational, it would be less interesting to view as you do not know what the artist is truly trying to depict in his or her artwork. _ 2 _ . This type of art is meant to grab your attention and pull an emotional response right from within you. Once you see that part of the painting...the part that keeps you drawn in and your mind thinking, it is then when you know you are analyzing something special...something called Abstract Art. _ 3 _ . So what grabs your attention when seeing this particular piece of art? Well let's think...what gets your attention in any circumstance? Why is a stop sign bright red? That's right...Abstract Art, in most circumstances, is filled with color1s of all sorts that are meant to turn heads. These characteristics, along with others such as the paintings texture and other elements, are what make this form of art one of the most popular styles collected today. The creativity involved with these pieces of art brings upon a new imagination that some viewers didn't know existed within them. This art is from the heart and soul, instead of what you see is what you get. With that being said, you can now see that Abstract Art is more than just a thoughtless mess put on a canvas. _ 4 _ . While viewing the work of a very talented artist, Osnat Tzadok, I came across a quote of hers that states \"Every time I pass near a blank canvas I feel something explode inside of me. It is not something I can explain or pass on to someone else...but it is, always, a beginning of a new creation\". This quote of Osnat's perfectly portrays what we, the viewers, should feel when viewing an artist's abstract creation. Just as an artist gets this \"explosion\" that Osnat speaks of, we receive the same feeling when looking at their piece if we truly appreciate Abstract Art. The beauty of non-representational art is that we can create the story within the painting. We can ask ourselves, \"Why do these color1s interact with each other?\" or \"What does this symbolize?\".... and with those questions our imagination brings about answers.", "qas": [{"question": "Where can we most properly put the sentence \"This is where the beauty of Abstract Art comes about\"?", "id": "deb9f9f0c0244f7b96b33e7830317fc7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Scientists in Mexico have just begun a new study o", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Scientists in Mexico have just begun a new study of one of the world's biggest pyramids: the Pyramid of the Sun, north of Mexico City. They're putting lots of small, high-tech machines under the pyramid to try to unlock some of its secrets. For thousands of years, people have tried to uncover the secrets of the pyramids. The people who built the pyramids made lots of secret doors and rooms to stop robbers from finding the treasures inside. However, there always have been some smart thieves in history. Now, almost all of Egypt's pyramids have been robbed, including the Great Pyramid of Khufu, which is the largest pyramid in the world. It is the only one of the ancient wonders of the world that is still standing. In AD 820, an Arab king named Abdullah AL Manum got a group of workers to dig their way into the Great Pyramid and have a look. Inside the pyramid, they found three rooms --- the Queen's Chamber, the Grand Gallery and the King's Chamber. But to their surprise, the men didn't find the treasures they wanted. The Queen's and King's Chambers were both empty! Where were the King's mummy and his treasures? Had someone already taken them away? The huge stone doors at the pyramid's entrance were still closed when AL Manum's men went inside. How had the thieves got in and out? Since then, many people have gone inside the Great Pyramid to have a look or to try to take things. But still, no other chambers or walkways have been found. In 2002, an American team made the most recent visit to the Great Pyramid. Scientists sent a robot into the pyramid, but they only found a mysterious locked stone door.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the purpose of making some secret doors to the pyramids?", "id": "b4ce923072d44e59bff5dff4cf2cdf3f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Treat with Respect The speed with which Man is cha", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Treat with Respect The speed with which Man is changing the face of Earth has outstripped all the mighty processes of nature put together. In his haste to supply himself with increasing quantities of Earth's treasures he risks destroying one he greatly needs, his natural surroundings. Some countries set aside unspoiled areas of natural beauty. prefix = st1 /Canadahas the largest system of national parks in the world, 29 in all covering about 13 million hectares, preserving the different landscapes and the plant and animal life. Other countries are restoring areas which have been reduced to waste land by mining. At Broken Hill in Australiadrifting sand from rock crushing turned the area into a desert swept by sand storms. This is now being irrigated, fertilized and planted with grass and trees. In Great Britain quarries and gravel pits are being filled in or made into lakes, industrial wasteland is being turned into playing fields and waste tips into sloping green hills. However Man tries to look after Earth, the fact is that he is using up at a great rate resources, especially fuel resources, which have taken millions of years to accumulate and which he cannot renew. Yet every day the Earth receives a huge supply of energy from the Sun. Man has made several experiments in using solar energy to heat furnaces , cookers, and water-distillers. In space technology, e.g. on satellites, solar cells convert sunlight into electricity. Houses and offices have been designed which are centrally heated by water or air heated by the sunlight. When Man can trap and store this energy, so that he can use it exactly as he needs it, he will have not only an endless supply, but a clean and safe one.", "qas": [{"question": "According to this selected passage, which energy is considered to be endless, clean and safe?", "id": "f2fc8e0f2bc9404b96a74c8845bd9f29", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In US, the potato is one of the most widely consum", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In US, the potato is one of the most widely consumed crops. French fries are commonly found in typical American fast-food burger joints and cafeterias. French fries were introduced to the US when Thomas Jefferson served them in the White House during his presidency from 1801 t0 1809. Potato chips are popular with consumers as well. The humble potato is more than just a kind of food. In many ways it's part of the American pop culture. Let's take a look at some pop culture potatoes. Mashed Potato dance The Mashed Potato dance is a craze that began in 1962. The name of the dance came from the song it accompanies, Mashed Potato Time, performed by American R&B singer Dee Dee Sharp. The move vaguely resembles that of the Twist dance style, by Sharp's fellow Philadelphian, Chubby Checker. Hot Potato! Hot Potato! is an action puzzle video game released in 2001. In the game the player must drive a bus and clear the road of alien potato beings. The potato beings are either red or blue; when two like-colored potatoes touch each other, they disappear. .Over the years, Hot Potato! has received mostly positive reception from critics. Mr. Potato Head Mr. Potato Head is an American toy invented by George Lerner in 1949. The toy consists of a plastic potato model and a variety of plastic parts like hands, feet, ears and mouths. In 1952, Mr. Potato Head became the first toy advertised on television. This commercial revolutionized marketing and caused a boom that solidified this toy's place in American pop culture.", "qas": [{"question": "Which is the newest to the American pop culture?", "id": "05bcd6c55aba496b9028abef381393a2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Nuclear-powered aircraft carriers are considered o", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Nuclear-powered aircraft carriers are considered one of the most important marine weapons in the 20th century. So far, only two countries in the world--the prefix = st1 /USAandFrance--have ever produced them. But these frightful fighting machines are about to enter Asia. The US Navy said last month that one of its nine nuclear-powered aircraft carriers will be sent to Japanto replace the diesel-powered carrier Kitty Hawk in 2009 in an agreement on October 30th. The two countries also planned to level up their military cooperation and theUSAcalled forJapanto take a large role in alliance military moves. It will be the first time that a nuclear-powered carrier is based in Japan. Bombed byUSforces in World War II at Hiroshima and Nagasaki,Japanis the only world country to have been attacked by a nuclear weapon. Therefore, the citizens are highly sensitive to where nuclear-powered weapons are based. \"A radiation leak at Yokosuka would kill 100,000 people as far away as Tokyo, and could cause billions of dollars in damage,\" said Masahiko Go to, leader of a protest group inYokosuka. His group has collected more than 300,000 signatures of people acrossJapanopposed to the nuclear carrier. The 44-year-old Kitty Hawk, the USnavy's oldest active ship, has been based in Yokosuda since 1998. The new carrier, yet to be _ , will travel faster, be capable of supporting longer operations and carry with it the Navy's most modern technology. Experts pointed that this change is not only to strengthen the US-Japan military alliance but also to keep the military power of ChinaandNorth Koreawithin limits. However, Japanese experts don't believe that the countries are threats to the region. \"There is no need for Japanto have a nuclear carrier as defense,\" said Tetsuo Maeda, an international relations professor atTokyoInternationalUniversity. He said that the change of ship indicates an increased military capacity, in the region, much more than what is needed.", "qas": [{"question": "The replacement of the aircraft carrier is intended to", "id": "2f0f469cc5ea4b799b2f8583a81c20d7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Most musicians agree that the best violins were ma", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Most musicians agree that the best violins were made in Cremona, Italy, about 200 years ago. They even sound better than violins made today. Violin makers and scientists try to make instruments like the old Italian violins. But they aren't the same. Why are these old Italian violins so special? Many people think they have an answer. Some people think it is the age of the violins. But there is a problem here. Not all old violins sound wonderful. Only those from Cremona are special. So age cannot be the answer. Other people think the secret to those violins is the wood. The wood of the violin is very important. It must be from certain kinds of trees. It must not be too young or too old. Perhaps the violin makers of Cremona knew something special about wood for violins. But the kind of wood may not be so important. It may be more important to cut the wood in a special way. Wood for a violin must be cut very carefully. It has to be the right size and shape. The smallest difference will change the sound of the violin. Musicians sometimes think that this is the secret of the Italians. Size and shape may not be the answer either. Scientists make new violins that are exactly the same size and shape. But the new violins still do not sound as good as the old one. Some scientists think the secret may be the varnish , which covers the wood of the violin and makes it look shiny. It also helps the sound of the instrument. Since no one knows what the Italian violin makers used in their varnish, no one can make the same varnish today. There may never be other violins like the violins of Cremona. And there are not many of the old violins left. So these old violins are becoming more and more precious.", "qas": [{"question": "What is still unclear about Cremona violins according to the writer?", "id": "fdd0823bacaa46839e0e183f8f132559", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In Mexico, girls mark their fifteenth birthday wit", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In Mexico, girls mark their fifteenth birthday with a celebration called Quinceanera. In the morning, the birthday girl goes to the church with her family and her best friends. She wears a beautiful dress. Later in the day, there is a huge party, with a big cake that matches the girl's dress, and a night filled with music and dancing. Becoming an adult is a very important life change, and Japan has a special holiday to celebrate this. The second Sunday in January is Coming-of-Age Day. On that day, everyone who had their twentieth birthday in the last year goes to their Town Hall for a special activity. Everyone dresses up, and many women wear beautiful dresses. The mayor makes a speech and gives presents to all the new adults. Some kids are afraid to start school, but six-year-olds in Germany can't wait. For them, Schulanfang is a big holiday. To celebrate a child's first day of school, parents or friends give the child a Zuckertuete, a big color box filled with candy and little presents. People take pictures of the kids holding their Zuckertuete, and there is a school party later for the parents with cake and coffee.", "qas": [{"question": "What happens at Quinceanera?", "id": "87a832e021b94080a78b09d1b7279369", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Many independent Chinese women like to earn their ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Many independent Chinese women like to earn their own bread, even if their husbands are already bringing home the bacon. But a recent survey suggests that such women find more joy from relationships, rather than successful careers. About 73 percent of the 7,000 women surveyed in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou said they would choose to work even if their husbands earned enough for the family. The survey also found that 77 percent define happiness as \"enjoying a relationship\". But striking a balance between career and family can bring challenges to the woman's career advancement. \"In my company, women usually have an equal or even a higher starting salary than men,\" said Li Hua, general manager of Beijing Chuangjiashe Book Circulation Company. \"However, as they begin to climb up the career ladder, women often meet problems along the way, while men can climb the ladder more easily.\" Both physical and emotional differences can prevent some women from taking tough positions, Li said. But family life is often the main difficulty for Chinese career women. Despite these challenges, however, some experts believe it's reasonable for some women to want to be breadwinners. \"In this way, the roles of a family are decided by the parents' abilities rather than their gender ,\" said Gu Donghui, a sociology professor at Fudan University. Gu says women should have the freedom to decide if they want to stay at home or work to support the family. \"Everyone has a different interpretation of what it means to find self-worth\". Wang Haibin, an economic expert from Renmin University shares that view: \"Traditionally, we tend to regard the family as the cell unit of society. Some members have always been expected to make sacrifices for it. But, it really doesn't matter who earns more. Economic independence and personal choice is essential for both sexes in the family.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What brings career women more joy and happiness according to the passage?", "id": "9cb31c0e8df0437d95a2e7692f3e32d3", "answers": []}, {"question": "What's the main problem that career women meet while working?", "id": "fabeff8d6b814b3da8b29c7644287106", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "New research shows how kids' brains reorganize as ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "New research shows how kids' brains reorganize as they learn math. All the time you spent memorizing multiplication tables may have made you a better mathematician, according to a new study. A team of scientists from Stanford University, in California, have shown how the brain reorganizes itself as kids learn math. After a certain amount of time spent practicing math, kids can put away the calculator . They don't even need to count on their fingers. They simply know the answers to subtraction , addition, and multiplication facts. The quicker kids can recall basic math facts, the easier it is for them to solve more complicated math problems. The Stanford University researchers observed the brain activity of 28 students aged 7to 9 for the study. They took scans of the students' brains as the students solved math calculations without the help of a calculator, pen or paper. A calculation--three plus four equals seven, for example--flashed on a screen. The students pushed a button to say if the answer was right or wrong. The scientists also recorded the response speed, and what parts of the brain became active as the kids pushed the button. These observations showed a process called fact retrieval . Rather than using their fingers to count, or writing out answers on a piece of paper, the students pulled the answers from memory. It's as if the answers to basic math problems are kept in a long-term storage area in the brain, which was built from repetition. \"Experience really does matter,\" said Dr. Kathy Mann Koepeke. Children make the shift from counting to fact retrieval when they are 8 to 9 years old, the study shows. This is the time when most students are learning basic addition and subtraction. When kids have basic math facts memorized, the brain has more free space to learn more complicated math. This process has benefits for the future. The study shows as kids grow older, their answers rely more on memory and become quicker and more accurate. Less brain activity is devoted to counting. Some children make this shift quicker than others.", "qas": [{"question": "What plays a key role in solving a math problem?", "id": "3cfb4ff0ab9648219fd7698be9c82871", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Who do you think was the most important woman of t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Who do you think was the most important woman of the past 100 years? Jane Addams (1860 - 1935) Addams helped the poor and worked for peace. She created shelters, education opportunities and services for people in need. In 1931, Addams became the first American woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize. Rachel Carson (1907 - 1964) Rachel Carson was born in the rural river town of Springdale, Pennsylvania in America. The popular 1962 book \"Silent Spring\" by Rachel Carson made people realize the dangers and the harmful effects of pollution on humans and on the world's lakes and oceans. Angela Merkel (1954 - ) In 2005, Germans chose Angela Merkel as their first woman head of the country. She had been a scientist in the past. As Germany's leader, she has had an effect on the whole world. Sandra Day O'Connor (1930 - ) When Sandra Day O'Connor finished her class at Stanford Law School, in 1952, she could not find work because she was a woman. However, she became the first woman to join the U.S. Supreme Court in 1981 after years of hard work. Margaret Thatcher (1925 - ) In 1979, Margaret Thatcher became Britain's first woman Prime Minister . She served until 1990, which made her the first British leader to serve three terms in a row. Because of her high standards and strong will, people called her Britain's Iron Lady. Marie Curie (1867-19245102534) Polish-born scientist Marie Curie discovered that some types of metal give off energy called radiation . Her research led to new medical treatments and arms. She received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903 and in Chemistry in 1911.", "qas": [{"question": "Who once failed to find a job?", "id": "15576a19fab34ff8affdaf3ad3a935cd", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "There are many kinds of sales. For example, a \"bac", "paragraphs": [{"context": "There are many kinds of sales. For example, a \"back-to-school sale\" is held near the beginning of the school year. Parents like the lower prices of the clothes and school supplies for their children. A \"midnight madness\" event starts very late at night. An \"early bird special\" sale starts very early in the morning. This kind of sale is popular the day after Thanksgiving in November. A favorite sale among many people is the \"buy one, get one free\" sale. You buy one thing and get a second one without cost. When people see the word \"free\" in an advertisement they know they are getting a good deal. As a matter of fact, it is not the case. Another kind of sale is a \"going out of business\" sale. This is when a storeowner tries to sell all the goods in the store before closing the business permanently . Let us say the store sells floor coverings. The owner lowers the prices and puts up a sign that says: \"Going out of business sale. All items MUST be sold by tomorrow.\" People who buy the floor coverings think they are getting a special deal because everything must be sold in a short period of time. Then, days later they see the store did not close permanently. And they see the same sign that claims the store is going out of business. Some business owners really do not end the business. They just want to earn more money. People also hold their own sales. They hold garage sales and yard sales outside their home. They sell things they no longer want. Groups such as religious centers or schools hold bake sales. They sell cakes, cookies and other baked goods to raise money. In America, you can always find a good sale, no matter the day or time of year. There is the Independence Day sale, Veteran's Day sale, clearance sale, sidewalk sale, red tag sale, white sale, blue light special, liquidation sale, half-off sale, warehouse sale, tent sale ...", "qas": [{"question": "What do we call the sale if it starts before the sun rises?", "id": "7a1403c098a94469beb80ec1a32b0b87", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Most Scenic Drives in America Price: $25.00 De", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Most Scenic Drives in America Price: $25.00 Description: This book includes 120 easytofollow maps, 400 breathtaking photos, fascinating facts, tips, suggested side trips and much more. What Works What Doesn't: The Bottom Line on Everything Health Price:$31.96 Description: Now, with What Works What Doesn't, you can stop wasting time and money on products, treatments and approaches that don't work, and start getting real results from strategies that do. Strange Stories, Amazing Facts of America's Past Price: $34.96 Description: If you ever thought history was dull and our forefathers stodgy, here is a book to change your mind.This is America at its most fascinating--more than 600 true stories as gripping as a whodunit, as fast paced as a spy chase, as atmospheric as a historical novel--guaranteed to give many hours of reading pleasure. How To Write Your Life Story Price: $26.95 Description: Discover how easy it is to write your own life story! This fascinating and practical guide leads you through the process of creating your own personal memoir. Plus, find out how to use photos and other mementos to add even more meaning to your story. Disease Free Price: $31.96 Description:Stop Disease Before it Starts. Doctors estimate that at least 60% of chronic disease cases could be avoided entirely, and Disease Free shows you how. Detailed prevention plans for more than 90 conditions help you sidestep everything from heartburn to high blood pressure, colds to cancer. Complete Guitar Course Price:$30.00 Description: Learn to play in 20 easytofollow lessons! This deluxe handbook is packed with everything you need to learn from choosing the right guitar for you, to basic fingering, chords, and techniques. Handsomely designed in full color1 and jammed with practical tips, this comprehensive course will have you making beautiful music in no time at all! Care Free Plants Price:$34.96 Description: This book reveals the secret to great gardening: working smarter, not harder. Discover how you can spend less effort, save money, and still end up with more time to enjoy your beautiful garden. With this book in hand, the dream is within easy reach.", "qas": [{"question": "Which book of the above can she buy for Marry's older mother?", "id": "5b164eeb3e65428b9f97d08b6360c534", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Scores of people queued up to use a cash machine a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Scores of people queued up to use a cash machine after it started giving out double the money requested. The cash machine, outside a Sainsbury's store in Barham Road, Hull, attracted a big crowd of people hoping to take advantage of the fault, on Tuesday night. Police officers were eventually sent in to guard the machine and prevent anymore money from being withdrawn. The fault is thought to have affected cash machines at supermarkets across the city. It is not yet known whether the customers will have to repay the cash or how much money was taken out. A spokeswoman for Humberside Police said, \"Officers were sent to the cash machine to prevent anyone else from withdrawing anymore money. We have also tried to make contact with the owners of the machine.\" The spokeswoman said those who benefited from the fault could be traced and could face theft charges, but investigations would only take place if the operator made a complaint. The cash machine is owned by a company called Payzone, a spokesman later confirmed. He said the fault was due to the machine being filled with notes of the wrong denomination . An investigation is underway into the incident and the machine had been taken out of service, he added. The Payzone spokesman said, \"The transit company which is contracted to service this ATM has filled it up with the wrong denomination of notes, meaning it is paying out double what it should have. \" He could not say how much money had been taken out of the machine, or whether it would have to be paid back. It was understood that a number of cash machines in Hull owned by other companies had also been affected by this problem, he added.", "qas": [{"question": "Who caused the cash machine not to work properly?", "id": "d609fdde979a44debeefb3f33d0ef2df", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Pat came over from Ireland to England with his wif", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Pat came over from Ireland to England with his wife one year ago to find work. He got quite a good job with a building company, and as he did not drink or smoke, he saved up quite a lot of money. His wife's parents were still in Ireland, and one day she got a telegram saying that her mother was ill, so Pat gave her some money and she went to Ireland to see her mother. After a week, Pat wanted to write a letter to her, but he could not read or write very well, so he went to his priest and asked him to do it for him. Pat told the priest what he wanted to say, and the priest wrote it down. After a few minutes Pat stopped, and the priest said,\" Do you want to say more?\" \"Only ,\" 'Please excuse the bad writing and spelling',\" Pat said.", "qas": [{"question": "Who really made a mistake in the story?", "id": "fc6016f9cb1848f8a6918c3ab6f6c478", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The modern world is full of useful objects that we", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The modern world is full of useful objects that were invented by someone, from spoons and chopsticks in our kitchens to the Ipads in our handbags. Each invention is an example of the creative power of the human mind. Where do inventors get their inspirations ? The inspiration behind each of these inventions varies. Take the shopping cart as an example. Sylvan Goldman was a grocery store owner. Like most businessmen, he wished that his customers would buy more so that he could make more money. He knew what if they could carry more goods easily as they were shopping, when his sales would go up. While thinking about the problem one night, he had an idea. Working with a local handyman named Fred Young, he designed the first shopping cart. Today, retailers who use shopping carts sell more goods and make more profits. Nature has also inspired inventors throughout history. This is what happened to George de Mestral one day. While hunting with his dog in the Swiss Alps, he noticed how the burs of certain plants stuck to his clothing and to his dog' s fur. After examining them under a microscope, he found they had tiny hooks that could easily stick to the fibers of clothing or animal hide. For the next ten years, George de Mestral searched for the hest way to produce his idea. The result of his original inspiration was Velcro, which is used in many modem objects, including sportswear, shoes, automobiles, and even space suits. These examples show us that there are at least two possible inspirations for human creativity in the world of inventions -- profit and nature. No doubt, the future will continue to breathe new life into the economies of the world with fresh ideas and inventions. How many of their creations will be inspired by natural phenomena? The world's problems require creativity and we can expect best solutions from future generations.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the article, which invention shows how nature inspires us?", "id": "ea79c8bcb3584254b45304555d98b214", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "You are the collector in the gallery of your life.", "paragraphs": [{"context": "You are the collector in the gallery of your life. You collect. You might not mean to but you do. One out of three people collects tangible things such as cats, photos and noisy toys. There are among some 40 collections that are being shown at \"The Museum Of\"--the first of several new museums which, over the next two years, will exhibit the objects accumulated by unknown collectors. In doing so, they will promote a popular culture of museums, not what museums normally represent. Some of the collections are fairly common--records, model houses. Others are strangely beautiful--branches that have fallen from tree, for example. But they all reveal a lot of things: ask someone what they collect and their answers will tell you who they are. Other on the way include \"The museum of Collectors\" and \"The Museum of Me.\"These new ones, it is hoped, will build on the success of \"The Museum Of.\" The thinkers behind the project want to explore why people collect, and what it means to do so. They hope that visitors who may not have considered themselves collectors will begin to see they, too, collect. Some collectors say they started or stopped making collections at important point: the beginning or end of adolescence--\"it's a growing-up thing; you stop when you grow up,\"says one. Other painful times are mentioned, such as the end of a relationship. For time and life can seem so uncontrollable that a steady serial arrangement is comforting.", "qas": [{"question": "What can be learned about collectors from their collections?", "id": "71290b8146b148b8a44fad14a358c037", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Some fish may contain harmful chemicals, which can", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Some fish may contain harmful chemicals, which can be the result of both natural causes and water pollution. Mercury is a poisonous chemical, which occurs naturally in oceans and the Earth's crust , but also comes from man-made sources, such as farm chemicals, burning garbage, oil, coal, etc. Polyclilorinated bipheuyls (PCBs), a group of chemicals, can also be found in some fish. These man-made chemicals were used in many industries until 1977, when they were banned. PCBs were released or leaked into (lie tar and water and have bear transported around the globe. How do mercury and PCBs end up in fish and the food supply? When they arc released into the air, they attach themselves to particles .These particles settle on the ground and in the water and are eventually eater by micro-organisms. Small fish cat the micro-organisms, and large fish eat the small fish and on up the food chain. Because they can negatively affect your health, the U.S. Eavirotunental Protectioc Agency advises that kids younger than 15 years old avoid fish that cortain high levels of mercury and PCBs. These include shark, swordfish, king rrnackerel, and tilefish. There are also many types of fish that are good for you, but arc in danger of being wiped out because of ovcrfishing. Sonic are being fished in the wild so much that they cannot reproduce enough to survive.Others re being farmed in ways that are not environmentally friendly. These fish include red snapper.Atlantic salmon, bluefnn tuna. and king crab. Despite these problems, there are several fish that are both healthy and sustainable , such as Alaskan salmon, American catfish, Pacific cod, and several fans-raised fish and shellfish.", "qas": [{"question": "Which of the fish is safe for children according to the passage?", "id": "826a105e36ab4d95994fa58c6dc75836", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When I asked my daughter which item she would keep", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When I asked my daughter which item she would keep; the phone, the car, the cooker, the computer, the TV, or her boyfriend, she said\"the phone\". Personally, I could do without the phone entirely, which makes me unusual. Because the telephone is changing our lives more than any other piece of technology. Point 1 The telephone creates the need to communicate, in the same way that more roads create more traffic. My daughter comes home from school at 4:00 pm and then spends an hour on the phone talking to the very people she has been at school with all day. If the phone did not exist, would she have anything to talk about? Point 2 The mobile phone means that we are never alone. \"The mobile saved my life,\"says Crystal Johnstone. She had an accident in her Volvo on the A45 between Otley and Skipton. Trapped inside, she managed to make the call that brought the ambulance to her rescue. Point 3 The mobile removes our secret. It allows marketing manager of Haba Deutsch, Carl Nicolaisen, to ring his sales staff all round the world at and time of day to ask where they are , where they are going, and how their last meeting went. Point 4 The telephone separates us. Antonella Bramante in Rome says, \"We worked in separate offices but I could see him through the window. It was easy to get his number. We were so near----but we didn't meet for the first two weeks!\" Point 5 The telephone allows us to reach out beyond our own lives. Today we can talk to several complete strangers simultaneously ( ) on chat lines (at least my daughter does. I wouldn't know what to talk about). We can talk across the world. We can even talk to astronauts (if you know any) while they're space-walking. And, with the phone line hooked up to the computer, we can access the Internet, the biggest library on Earth.", "qas": [{"question": "It is possible to talk to several complete strangers simultaneously through .", "id": "e64257d397f04b71bb373f8128b8e170", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I'm sure many of you have seen Star Wars, Jurassic", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I'm sure many of you have seen Star Wars, Jurassic Park, Multiplicity, or many of the other movies that describe cloning. Most of what you see in these movies is false. What you don't know is that cloning could be dangerous, to the clone and to our society as a whole. I think human cloning is wrong mainly for four reasons. What about identity? Humans are promised the right to their own personalities. What would happen if we ignore those rights by giving them someone else's genetic identity? True, Cloning may prevent people from possessing their identities. Also, these is a large power struggle here. Cloning means a degree of power and controls over another person's physical identity and that ignores their rights and their only personalities. The person doing the cloning would have more power than any parent would have. Cloning would also deal with killing embryos . You might not have known, but Dolly, the sheep that was cloned in 1996, was one of over 200 sheep embryos and hers was the only embryo that survived. The rest died or were thrown away. Imagine if the failure rate was that high when we started to clone humans. cloning means running the risk of wasting too much effort Cloning someone, at this present time, would be extremely dangerous to the birth mother and the clone. In studies done on cows, 4 out of 12 birth mothers died. There is a very high failure rate, which is shown in the cloning of Dolly. Even if you had a few good embryos, failures have been noticeable in animal tests. So, should we work ahead in the world of cloning? I say no. the risks are greater than the benefits. It's dangerous to the clone and to the birth mother. We would be killing human lives in the process. It would also be a violation of the clone's right to its own genetic identity and personality.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the article, what is the author's opinion about identity?", "id": "ea1d96caa223429eba32e0a1b2ef1067", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the best title of the passage?", "id": "33e7cbeb96dc4751a318e9e0c23a505b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "There is only one winner and in this case it is Gi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "There is only one winner and in this case it is Gina Rinehart who has won it all. In her own words,\"beauty is an iron mine\", Gina suggested her recipe for glory and fame. She has been announced as the richest woman of the world by BRW (formerly Business Review Weekly) in May 2012. Let's read more about her life and journey to the top. Georgina \"Gina\" Hope Rinehart was born on 9th February, 1954 in Perth, Western Australia, to Hope Margaret Nicholas and Lang Hancock, the mining king. Her father discovered one of the world's biggest reserves in the early 1950s. Gina gained lots of knowledge of the iron-ore industry while working with her father. She married an Englishman Greg Milton, at the age of 19 and together they had two children, John Langley and Bianca Hope. Soon the marriage broke off and she remarried in 1983. Frank Rinehart and Gina had two children: Ginia and Hope. Frank died in 1990. Since then, Gina has devoted herself to her work and empire. She was the sole heir of her family's wealth. Then after her father died in 1992, she started her professional career as the Executive Chairman of Hancock Prospecting Pty Limited (HPPL) and other privately owned group of companies. At that time, the company centered its functioning to mining-related explorations and accumulation of vast mining leases . From there, Rinehart worked her way towards transforming the leases into profit earning mines. She also worked together with other companies to raise capital. Her efforts made the business increase three times in 2011 as much as before. At home, Rinehart was working to expand the family business, but she did not satisfy herself with it. In 2010, she stepped into the media industry by acquiring 10% stake in Ten Network Holdings. Afterwards, she went on to hold stake in Fairfax Media, proving that mining is not her only interest. In June 2012, by increasing her stake in Fairfax to 18.67%, she became the largest stakeholder in the company. With this, she now stands at the head of $US 29.3 billion worth of an empire. Two new projects related to the mining sector in Central Queensland and Roy Hill are expected to begin in 2013. Gina Rinehart has made her way from being Australia's Richest Woman to Australia's Richest Person and then to World's Richest Woman.", "qas": [{"question": "According to Gina Rinehart, what makes her successful and famous?", "id": "357d0423bdb74407aa1a250044e80889", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Environmental activists in South Korea are condemn", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Environmental activists in South Korea are condemning a government plan to hunt endangered whales for scientific research. They believe the plan is part of an effort to restart commercial whaling activities. Such activities are banned in many countries. South Korea announced the proposal in July at a meeting of the International Whaling Commission in Panama. The head of the South Korean delegation said the plan was needed to answer questions about minke whale populations. He said the hunt would take place near the South Korean coast. But he did not say how many of the animals would be caught. The International Whaling Commission has yet to make a decision on the South Korean plan. The organization banned commercial whaling in 1986 because of concerns about the survival of whale species. But now, some South Korean fishermen say they are facing a threat from minke whales. They say these animals are eating what would have been their catch. The plan was immediately condemned by anti-whaling nations. Wildlife activists also criticized the proposal. Han Jeong-hee works in Seoul for the environmental group Greenpeace.\"It's really regretful to hear that the South Korean government is, like, considering conducting scientific whaling. Scientific whaling is just, like, thinly disguised commercial whaling. And, you know, we are of course against all commercial whaling. Japan's the only country that is doing scientific whaling at the moment and South Korea is just trying to follow that.\" Apart from the plan in South Korea, an aquarium in the American state of Georgia also wants to import eighteen beluga whales from Russia. The United States currently has 31 beluga whales. They are living in six aquariums and marine parks. Four of them are at the Georgia Aquarium in Atlanta. The Georgia Aquarium has asked the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) for permission to import the beluga whales. If it was approved, aquarium officials would send some of the animals to the other facilities. The Georgia Aquarium says it hopes to use the beluga whales in research, education and breeding programs. They currently are being held at a Russian research center. Yet many people oppose the plan. They say it is wrong to catch any wild animal. NOAA officials are studying how the beluga whales might be affected by being brought to the United States. They also want to know whether the Georgia Aquarium and its partners can properly care for the whales and how they might be used in educational activities. The federal Marine Mammal Protection Act sets rules which NOAA must consider when deciding whether these animals may be imported. NOAA officials told VOA they plan to make a decision on the request by early next year.", "qas": [{"question": "In which country is whale hunting permitted at the moment?", "id": "17ab9b7434e24c67abc9e4e6b464f4d1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When it comes to President Obama, most of his pers", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When it comes to President Obama, most of his personal business is already known by the public. Personal information about his children, Malia and Sasha, however, has been kept a little more _ . The New York Timesrecently released a list of rules that Michelle Obama has mentioned over the years that Malia and Sasha must follow during their time in the White House, as well as in general. See how the first family educates their children: The girls must write reports about what they've seen on their trips, even if it's not required by their school. Malia may use her cell phone only on the weekends, and she and her sister cannot watch television or use a computer for anything but homework during the week. Malia and Sasha have to play two sports: one they choose and one selected by their mother. Malia must learn todo laundry before she leaves for college. The girls have to eat their vegetables, and if they say they are not hungry, they cannot ask for cookies or chips later. While these might be shocking to some, Michelle said, \"They're not little princess. It's just basic rules, boundaries, and expectations that we would have normally.\" Michelle also mentions another set of rules: The girls must do their chores , though the White House has a large staff. Malia and Sasha have chores of their own. They must play a team sport, because it's about learning how to play on a team, how to lose and how to win gracefully. ... It sounds like Michelle and Barack want the best for their kids and to make them as well-rounded as possible. What are your thoughts on the Obama family rules?", "qas": [{"question": "What has to be followed after the girls' every trip?", "id": "49163c1919d64e7db1eef7370395995b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Recently, I came across an interesting article on ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Recently, I came across an interesting article on the differences between British English and American English. I had a lot of fun reading it and thinking of as many differences as I could as an American. Their cars have \"bonnets \",while ours have \"hoods\". They park their cars in a \"car park\" while we leave our in a \"parking lot\". Our \"cookies\" are their \"biscuits\", while their \"rubbers\" are our \"erasers\". Then there are the food words. Would you want to eat something called \"Toad in the Hole\" or \"Bangers and Mash\" or \"Spotted Dick\"? I'm here to report they are all very tasty. There are American equivalents , of course. We've got \"Shoofly Mud Pie\". What they call \"crisps\" is what we call \"potato chips\" and when we ask for \"chips\" in England we will get what we know at home in America as \"French fries\". They find it hysterical that we call the \"toilet\" the \"bathroom\" and they really double over with laughter when we ask for the \"restroom\". American ladies in England who ask for the \"little girl's room\" or the \"power room\" will be met with blank stares. A \"fag\" is a \"cigarette\" in the UK, which can lead to endless confusion for British visitors looking for a cigarette in America. Americans on the other hand are endlessly confused by English signs put up over doorways saying \"Way Out\". We Americans walk on the sidewalk not the pavement. \"Pavement\" in America is the actual cement the sidewalk is made of.", "qas": [{"question": "What do British people call French fries?", "id": "23f439494e884ebb8749037664497d2b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It's a nightmare for Huazhong University of Scienc", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It's a nightmare for Huazhong University of Science and Technology (HUST): within a week, two students committed suicide by jumping off dorm buildings. Officials from the university are reluctant to give interviews. \"We had a hard time calming down students who were shocked at the suicides,\" said Zhang Jingyuan, head of HUST's center for research and guidance for students' development. \"Media coverage may arouse some students' negative emotions again. Suicide can be contagious ,\" Zhang said. The university reacted promptly to the first suicide on October 23. Advisors and class leaders conducted dorm-to-dorm checks to find students suffering depression. Then psychologists offered one-on-one counseling to them. Notice boards publicizing tips for identifying peers' mental problems and offering help were set up in front of dorm buildings. Leaflets carrying similar information were handed out to each dorm. However, the second suicide came seven days later. Both students were described as men of few words. Their schoolmates didn't see anything to indicate suicide. Zhang revealed that the two students had been bothered by mental disorders. But the school didn't know this until the students' close friends outside school and their parents unveiled the truth after the suicides. According to Zhang, there are only three full-time counselors working in the university's counseling center for its 60,000 students. He complained: \"It's unrealistic to rely only on counselors to detect students' mental problems.\" Some universities in the US may be able to offer solutions to Zhang's worries. They have established programs to train students to be the bridge between troubled friends and counselors. At Worcester Polytechnic Institute, at Worcester, Massachusetts, US, young people in the Student Support Network role play to learn how to detect SOS signals from their schoolmates. They also practice how to gently persuade emotionally troubled students to go for professional help. To develop such empathy , many universities in China have organized campus events to popularize knowledge about mental health. But these are not that attractive to students. Ke Juanjuan, 24, is pursuing a master's degree in English translation at HUST. Ke has found that few of her peers will pay attention to activities about mental health when they are not troubled by it. Rather than bombard students with the words \"mental health\", Ke suggested the school organize lectures and workshops concerning study, job-hunting and relationships. She explained: \"Students care about these topics. They tend to have problems in these areas and may thus get stuck in depression. \"By helping students better deal with these problems, the school can effectively prevent self-inflicted injury and suicide among students.\" Effective prevention comes from long-term education for life instead of temporary intervention to meet an emergency, said Hu Yi'an. Hu delivers a course of lectures on life and death at Guangzhou University. He worries that universities have paid little attention to education for life. \"Education for life helps students respect and love life so they won't resort to ending their lives when they have difficulties,\" said Hu. According to Hu, the principles can be incorporated into everyday teaching.", "qas": [{"question": "In which column of a newspaper would you most probably read this passage?", "id": "2f10f57dd55f4c62853d79d9fd0de7e9", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which one of the following is NOT one of the reasons why officials from the university are reluctant to give interviews?", "id": "b0c0c4994b0440fea2d71bf924d95482", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "What time of day can you think most quickly? Are y", "paragraphs": [{"context": "What time of day can you think most quickly? Are you a morning person? Or does it take you a few hours to get your brain going? A lot of recent research suggests that we should pay attention to our body clock. It can tell us what time of day we can perform best at. Many people work best later in the morning. This is because the body's temperature takes time to rise through the day. Taking a warm shower when you wake up can help your body's temperature rise quickly. But everyone's body clock is different and some are special. Morning people will get up early and work better early in the day. Evening people will work later but work better towards the end of the day. Research shows that we're better at some activities at certain times of the day. Physical performance is at its best between 3 pm and 6 pm, so it's better to exercise later in the day. Between noon and 4 pm, people begin to pay less attention. This is because we think less quickly after a big meal. Research also shows we become sleepy around 2 pm. This is why people in Spain take a short sleep in early afternoon. Finally, it is best to eat when we're active. This allows our body to burn calories better and stops our blood sugar levels from getting too high.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the best time for physical performance?", "id": "57525fcad642462e94e7d158bb7e522d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "We all know that theme parks are places to have fu", "paragraphs": [{"context": "We all know that theme parks are places to have fun and amuse ourselves, but among so many exciting rides there are also some dangers, Make sure you know what the safety standards are for all the attractions at the park. If you do that , you will be safe and have fun. Drink water. Believe it or not , dehydration-- when your body doesn't have enough water--is the commonest cause of injuries at theme parks. Drinking water while you are at the park is not enough.You must make sure that you drink enough water before your visit. Use your \"common sense\". There are lots of people around , so make sure where your friends or family are .Also ,if you are walking and want to stop , make sure nobody is walking behind you. First step aside,then look behind and if you aren't in anybody's way,then stop.It might sound exaggerated ,but crashes between people can cause accidents. Follow the instructions. The majority of theme parks have instructions for each ride. Some rides only allow people of a certain height. So make sure you are not too tall or too short before boarding any ride. Also, people with certain diseases or conditions are advised not to go on some rides. Do remember : If you are told not to go on a ride, then DON'T. Do not ride with a bad atomach or if you've just eaten. Rides can make you ill because of their violent changes of direction and your lunch may end up on someone else's head: surely not a very pleasant experience. Have fun, relax, and be a little brave! Some rides might look scary but theme parks are very safe places.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the leading reason for injuries at theme parks?", "id": "9ae9c5b087364b208be6616672133703", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"Cooking With Kids creates fun and food for the fa", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"Cooking With Kids creates fun and food for the family. Kate Heyhoe gives simple practical tips on how to bring the family together for mealtime magic.\" --Linda Gassenheimer, award-winning author of Dinner in Minutes \"I have just helped my four year old granddaughter Jessica to make stuffed eggs. What fun it is to cook with a new generation and what a joy now to have a brilliant new book like Cooking With Kids to pass on a passion for life and its healthy pleasures to a child!\" --Graham Kerr, International Culinary Consultant \"Like millions of moms, I want to prepare delicious, nutritious meals for my family, and after working all day in the restaurant, I also want to spend quality time with my sons. Cooking together is the natural solution. But in the kitchen, you need the proper tools to do the job well; Cooking With Kids is just the tool to get you started.\" --Chef Mary Sue Milliken, TV hostess, cookbook author \"In Cooking With Kids, Kate Heyhoe brings kids into the kitchen and teaches them not only great tasting recipes but cooking fundamentals such as how to hold a knife, set a table and how to survive in a supermarket. With families' busy schedules, this book is a wonderful sourcebook for family interaction.\" --Emily Luchetti, executive pastry chef \"Seize the moment, and a copy of this delightful cooking guide, then call the children to the kitchen to experience the joy of an often neglected pleasure of family life---cooking food together.\" --Marcel Desaulniers, author of Death by Chocolate \"In Cooking with Kids, Kate Heyhoe takes your hand and leads you through the kitchen on a most delightful tour. The book is packed with easy-to-understand guidance and simple, tasty recipes that will delight kids of any age, and that includes every inner child who never learned the secrets of the kitchen. \" --Michele Anna Jordan, author of Home Cooking", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the author of Cooking with Kids?", "id": "db1843c46f1142df8f735b867b096c25", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Spotlight at Salem Academy and College Academic Ca", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Spotlight at Salem Academy and College Academic Camp: Creative Writing, Environmental Education/ Science, Language Camp Address 500 Salem Avenue Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27101 USA (800) 833-1753 Salem spotlight is designed to arouse intellectual curiosity with emphasis on the experience and development of the individual... (more) Get more information about Spotlight at Salem Academy and College Caribbean Summer Sea Camp Academic Camp: Environmental Education/ Science Camp Address Off-Season Address Box 37 North Coast Road PO Box 1461 Little Cayman, BWI Princeton, New Jersey Cayman Islands 08542 USA (609) 933-4559 The Caribbean Summer Sea Camp is a one-week adventure on Little Cayman Island. Campers dive or snorkel to explore the wonders of coral reefs, and view the diverse life in the sea around the island. Coastal Camp at Headlands Institute Academic Camp: Environmental Education/ Science Camp Address Bldg. 1033 Golden Gate National Recreation Area Sausalito, California 94965 USA (415) 332-6961 The Coastal Camp at Headlands Institute combines marine and coastal ecology themes with hands-on educational games and exciting opportunities for discovery in the great outdoors. By promoting environmental work, Coastal Camp allows kids to become responsible earth citizens. Swift Nature Camp Academic Camp: Environmental Education/ Science Camp Address Off-Season Address W7471 Ernie Swift Rd 25 Baybrook Minong, Wisconsin 54859 Oak Brook, Illinois USA 60523 (715) 466-5666 (630) 654-8036 Located in the Northwoods of Wisconsin on a 1,500-acre lake, this small camp offers hands-on nature studies. Self accomplishment is promoted while competition takes a back seat: Horses, Swimming, Scuba, Skiing, Sailing, Canoeing, Arts & Crafts and much more.", "qas": [{"question": "Alice, a girl of 10, hopes to learn more about ecology by playing games. Which telephone number should she dial?", "id": "af8b1ed47cc944589edd3cd2b6a9e9c6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It was a cold winter day. A woman drove up to the ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It was a cold winter day. A woman drove up to the Rainbow Bridge tollbooth . \"I'm paying for myself, and for the six cars behind me,\" she said with a smile, handing over seven tickets. One after another, the next six drivers arriving at the tollbooth were informed, \"Some lady up ahead already paid your fare.\" It turned out that the woman, Natalie Smith, had read something on a friend's refrigerator: \"Practice random kindness and senseless acts of beauty.\" The phrase impressed her so much that she copied it down. Judy Foreman spotted the same phrase on a warehouse wall far away from home. When it stayed on her mind for days, she gave up and drove all the way back to copy it down. \"I thought it was beautiful,\" she said, explaining why she'd taken to writing it at the bottom of all her letters, \"like a message from above.\" Her husband, Frank, liked the phrase so much that he put it up on the classroom wall for his students, one of whom was the daughter of Alice Johnson, a local news reporter. Alice put it in the newspaper, admitting that though she liked it, she didn't know where it came from or what it really meant. Two days later, Alice got a call from Anne Herbert, a woman living in Marin. It was in a restaurant that Anne wrote the phrase down on a piece of paper, after turning it around in her mind for days. \"Here's the idea,\" Anne says. \"Anything you think there should be more of, do it randomly.\" Her fantasies include painting the classrooms of shabby schools, leaving hot meals on kitchen tables in the poor part of town, and giving money secretly to a proud old lady. Anne says, \" _ .\" The acts of random kindness spread. If you were one of those drivers who found your fare paid, who knows what you might have been inspired to do for someone else later. Like all great events, kindness begins slowly, with every single act. Let it be yours!", "qas": [{"question": "Who came up with the phrase according to the passage?", "id": "1b079eea653d4325aea45d6fb2556eab", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In American schools there is something called Home", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In American schools there is something called Homecoming Day.Many high schools and colleges with a football team have a homecoming game. This can be the most important event of the year, except for graduation.Students plan it for many weeks in advance. Several days before Homecoming,students begin to decorate the school.There are signs to wish luck to the team and many other signs to welcome back the graduates from other years.Many people still come to Homecoming twenty or thirty years after they graduate. The members of school clubs sell delicious foods and fruits,such as apples and sandwiches.Some clubs even help to welcome visitors. During the day people like to look for teachers that they remember from long ago.Often they see old friends and they talk together about those happy years in school. Everyone soon comes to watch the football game. When the game is half over,the band comes onto the field and plays school songs.Another important moment is when the Homecoming Queen appears.All the students vote a most popular student Homecoming Queen or King.It is a great honor to be chosen as the Homecoming Queen or King. Homecoming is a happy day, but it is not perfect unless the football wins the game.Even if the team loses,the students still enjoy Homecoming.Some stay at the school to dance,and others go to a party.For everyone it is a day to remember for a long,long time.", "qas": [{"question": "Where do people spend Homecoming Day?", "id": "b632a62b7ca74e1fb6dfea66601f9392", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "You have the ability to decide if you are happy or", "paragraphs": [{"context": "You have the ability to decide if you are happy or not. Happiness is a choice. You can't depend on someone else to make you happy. That is a lesson I learned early on in my marriage. I realized that I couldn't rely on my husband as my source of happiness. I learned that my happiness depended on me and not my husband's actions. I learned that you have to choose to be happy. You can choose your emotions. True happiness comes from within; it can't be forced by outside forces. So how do you choose happiness? The same way you choose to smile or choose to wear a certain outfit. You choose it because that's what you want to experience in your life. You want to buy a new pair of shoes so you choose a pair that you like and feel good. You wouldn't buy a pair of shoes that you don't like or that don't fit well, right? So why do we keep choosing emotions and feelings that don't make us feel good? Choosing to be happy after you realize your anger has shown up (or even choosing to be calm) can be beneficial. We choose our feelings; no one can do that for us. If we let others get to us, influence our emotions - we are giving them power over us. When others cause us anger or pain, we are giving them our power. We need to keep our feelings in check and not react automatically to what is thrown at us. We need to think our actions out instead of just reacting to what someone says or does. Remember that we can always choose happiness. At first it will be difficult to just switch your thoughts and feelings from anger, self-doubt, or fear to joy and happiness. But it is only a thought away. Don't dwell on what happens to you unnecessarily but realize what is causing you to feel that way. Realize that thoughts, feelings and emotions can change. Then move on and choose to be happy.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the best title of this passage?", "id": "33e59dc9c1a143cf8cd032e5d3dbe7fb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Learn to Communicate with Others Talking to Teache", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Learn to Communicate with Others Talking to Teachers--Teachers are just people behind the desk, living breathing human beings. And they will probably be friendly to people who talk nicely to them. Teachers also seem to get along better with children who take schoolwork seriously and prepare for class. And, just like any other human being, teachers like to be appreciated. The next time your teacher helps you solve a math problem or figure out a science project, say thank you with a smile. Talking to Parents--Parents can be very supportive if their children ask for help. If you think there's something your parents can do to help you feel more comfortable around people, then ask them. Very often, parents want very much to help, but really don't know what to do. Pick a quiet time of the day and ask to talk. Tell them how you feel. Maybe they had the same trouble when they were kids. Talking to Strangers--This is always a tough one. How do you deal with a neighbor, or the mail carrier? That often seems to cause arguments between kids and parents. The answer to these questions will vary from kid to kid, from parent to parent because all cultures are different. Some folks live in small towns where a hello to everyone is ok. Then there are kids who live in the city who may have been taught not to speak to anyone they don't know. If you're having trouble with this and always feel awkward in these kinds of situations, you might want to talk to your parents or a teacher about it.", "qas": [{"question": "Who does the writer write this passage for?", "id": "b48cc6ba58f2496193e521133d599828", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Guo Jingming is a best-selling author in China. He", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Guo Jingming is a best-selling author in China. He was born in Zigong, Sichuan Province on June 6, 1983. He is well-known for his essays and fictions, such as On the Edge of Love and Hurt, City of Fantasy, and Tiny Times. His essays and fictions are especially popular with teenagers. He is also a director and once directed his movie Tiny Times successfully. In June 2013, Guo was awarded the Best New Director at the Shanghai International Film Festival for his first movie Tiny Times. The movie has sold 6.7 million copies. In 2001, Guo Jingming started to gain _ after winning the New Concept Writing Competition's top award. Lots of young people got to know Guo Jingming little by little. A year later, Guo entered the writing competition again and won the top prize for the second time. At the same time, a collection of his prose On the Edge of Love and Hurt was published. In 2003, his first novel City of Fantasy came out. It was the novel that made Guo Jingming famous all over the country. In 2008, Guo was elected to the Chinese Writers' Association. He became the youngest member of the association. Guo's Tiny Times series was published between 2008 and 2012.", "qas": [{"question": "What's Guo Jingming's first novel?", "id": "8f752987f7e049b19a0ff1e6b5b88f32", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The most important use of drifting bottles is to f", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The most important use of drifting bottles is to find ocean currents. When the position and direction of currents are known, ships can use the forward movement of a current or stay away from currents that would carry them off their course. Benjamin Franklin was one of the first to use bottles in the study of currents. He wondered why British mall ships needed a week or two longer than U.S. ships needed in order to cross the Atlantic Ocean. Franklin thought the Gulf Stream might explain this difference. Franklin talked with captains of U.S. ships. He found that they knew each turn of the Gulf Stream. They used the current in every possible way. From his talks with the captains. Franklin made his first map of the Gulf Stream. Then he checked his map by using sealed bottles. The map that he finally made is still used, with only a few changes, today.", "qas": [{"question": "What did Franklin make after his talks with U.S. captains?", "id": "02a0e8d5633b428cb6162fd4880d90e9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "TODAY, Friday, November 12 JAZZ with the Mike Thom", "paragraphs": [{"context": "TODAY, Friday, November 12 JAZZ with the Mike Thomas Jazz Band at The Derby Arms. Upper Richmond Road West, Sheen. DISCO Satin Sounds Disco. Free at The Lord Napier, Mort lake High St., from 8a. m. to 8p. m. Tel: 682--1158. SATURDAY, November 13 JAZZ Lysis at The Bull's Head, Barnes. Admission 60p. MUSICAL HALL at The Star and Garter, Lower Richmond Road, Putney, provided by the Aba Daba Music Hall company. Good food and entertainment fair price. Tel: 789--6749. FAMILY night out? Join the sing-along at The Black Horse. Sheen Road, Richmond. JAZZ The John Bennett Big Band at The Bull's Head, Barnes. Admission 80p. THE DERBY ARMS, Upper Richmond Road West, give you Joe on the electric accordion . Tel: 789--4536 SUNDAY, November 14 DISCO Satin Sounds Disco, free at The Lord Napier, Mort Lake High Street, from 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. FOLK MUSIC at The Derby Arms. The Short Stuff and residents the Norman Chop Trio. Non-remembers 70p. Tel: 688--4626. HEAVY MUSIC with Tony Simon at The Bull, Upper Richmond Road West, East Sheen. THE DERBY ARMS, Upper Richmond Road West, give you Joe on the electric accordion.", "qas": [{"question": "You want to enjoy the electric accordion on Saturday. Which telephone number do you have to ring to find out what time it starts?", "id": "db196e86327a467987e14f59f5d422a4", "answers": []}, {"question": "You want to spend the Saturday by joining the entertainment with your family. Where should you go?", "id": "17eb6c9f8f78465cae189fdf357021a6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Pasta is the world's favorite food. Asurveytaken i", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Pasta is the world's favorite food. Asurveytaken in 17 countriesconfirmedthat pasta is what people like to eat most. Not only is pasta the number one food in its home country -Italy, but is alsoenjoyedin faraway places like the Philippines, Mexico andSouth Africa. Pasta has become popular, for one thing, because it is cheap and easy to prepare. Just cook noodles or other forms of pasta, make a sauce to go with it and you're finished. Many different types of meals can becreatedwith pasta. It tastes good and fills your stomach. It produces energy in the form ofcarbohydrates , which is whyathleteseat pasta regularly. Pasta can also be kept for a longer time. You don't have to use it up at once. Pasta has also become popular because it stands for the Italian way of life. People all over the world like it because it's so simple. It has two basic ingredients , wheatand water, just like bread. Legend has itthat Marco Polo brought pasta back to Italy with him but this is not true. Arabs probably brought a noodle-likedishtoSicilyin the 8th century. Farmers have been growing wheat, the mainingredientof pasta, there for ages. The worldwide sales of pasta have risen sharply over the past decade. Italy leads the pasta-eatingcommunityof the world. The Italians are the number one consumers followed by Venezuela and Tunisia.", "qas": [{"question": "In which country do people eat pasta most?", "id": "3134c5d599a849b2a1e6bed650e73eca", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Playing basketball isn't ladylike. That's what Jew", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Playing basketball isn't ladylike. That's what Jewell Chapman's high school headmaster told her in 1961 when he was against the girls' basketball program. \"We were very discouraged, \" said Chapman, a forward for her high school team of Des Moines. Nearly 50 years later, Chapman is back on the playground. She's 62 and plays for \"Hot Pink Grannies\", joining about 10 other women on a team whose uniforms are black trousers and hot pink socks. They play in the Iowa Granny Basketball League. It's one of dozens of basketball leagues for women over 50 that have arisen across the country. For some, it's a chance to exercise and meet people; for others, _ \"You see more and more elderly women's teams taking part in state and national competitions,\" said Michael Rogers, a professor in sports studies at Wichita State University. \"In the future it will be something common to have leagues like this.\" Yearly surveys by the National Sporting Goods Association show the number of women aged 55 and older who play basketball at least 50 times a year has grown from 16,000 in 1995 to nearly 131,000 ten years later. The women on the Hot Pink Grannies are good - natured but competitive when game time comes. \"I think I'm tough\" says Colleen Pulliam, 69, showing off her strong arms at her challengers in a game against \"Strutters\", known for their bright yellow socks. Granny Basketball Leagues and similar groups spread quickly through much of the country, including California, Louisiana, New Mexico, Pennsylvania and Washington, D.C.", "qas": [{"question": "Who is probably a player of \"Hot Oink Grannies\"?", "id": "f3a22e804344457abebfcec30949fa3d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In America, when the eighth graders leave the midd", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In America, when the eighth graders leave the middle school, they are often worried about moving to the high school. It is a hard time for them, but it can be an exciting one as well. To make it easier, students need to get familiar with their school. Even though they've done this already in the middle school, it's still important to find where their classrooms are. Most schools take students to the high school for a visit at the end of their eighth grade year. And, most schools also have a freshman speech for parents and students before the first year begins. Sometimes the main office will give away a map of the school. This can help students and parents to find different places in the school. One way to know your high school more and make new friends is to join a club or play a sport. Schools often offer chances to join different clubs and sports. Fall activities begin in August before the first day of school. If you are not interested in sports, there are clubs for any interest, such as drama, dance, chess, photography, community service, etc. These clubs allow students from different grades. By joining an activity, students can find new friendships, not to mention improving their chances in future college applications . The school office will have a list of activities offered at the school and information on how to join them. What's more, to have a great start to a high school year, students can write down some of their worries, and ask for help from teachers and school workers.", "qas": [{"question": "When do many schools take students to visit their new high school?", "id": "1500ced3e5df48fe8d9f4b4becb28dd9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "CHICAGO (AP) On Jan. l,an order went into effect r", "paragraphs": [{"context": "CHICAGO (AP) On Jan. l,an order went into effect requiring that every checked bag at more than 400 of the nation's commercial airports be screened for bombs and weapons. Sunday was expected to the heaviest travel day since Jan. l. Yet spot checks on Sunday at several of the nation's airports showed no major delays caused by the new security measures. At the international terminal for Northwest Airlines at John F. Kennedy International Airport inprefix = st1 /New York, passengers waited up to 30 minutes longer than usual. Their bags were sent through giant screening machines and workers tore open taped boxes and searched through their contents before closing them up again. Most travelers simply accepted stricter screening developed since the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11,2001,before which only 5 percent of the roughly 2 million bags checked each day were screened for bombs. The U. S. government has put an additional 23,000 people into airports to carry out the new order. Sonny Salgatar, a 23-year-old college student flying home to San Diego fromChicago, was told by an airport officer after the first pass that one of his bags was \"hot\", meaning there was something he couldn't identify and he wanted to open the bag for an inspection. The \"hot\" item turned out to be Salgatar's clothing iron. \"Listen, anything they want to do for security is OK for me,\" Salgatar said. But not all of the passengers hold the same viewpoint as Salgatar's, complaining that they had to arrive at the airport too much time ahead of their schedule.", "qas": [{"question": "The new measure was adopted to guard against.", "id": "6097759890334e26b9a879ada1fb322d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Doctors have a new weapon in the battle against ob", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Doctors have a new weapon in the battle against obesity -- a talking plate that tells people not to eat too quickly. The Mandometer monitors the amount of food leaving the plate, and tells users, \"Please eat more slowly.\" The PS1,500 Swedish device is to be used in a National Health Service plan to help hundreds of obese families lose weight. It comes in two parts -- a scale placed under the plate and a small computer screen showing a graphic of the food gradually disappearing as the user eats. A red line on the screen shows the user's eating speed, while a blue line shows a healthy rate. If the user eats too fast, the red line angles away from the blue one, warning him or her to _ . If the lines deviate too much, the computer voice comes on, and the screen flashes the message \"Are you feeling full yet?\" to remind users to think about whether they have had enough. Britain has an increasingly serious obesity problem, with one in four adults and one in seven children classed as obese. After a recent trial using the device, experts believe teaching obese people to eat more slowly will help them know when they are full. Around 600 families with at least one obese parent and child (aged five or older) were targeted in the project by Bristol University, along with GPs and nurses. Professor Julian Hamilton-Shield, who is leading the plan, says obese children and adolescents using the Mandometer ate from 12 to 15 percent less per meal at the end of the 12-month trial. Six months after they stopped using the device they still ate less, and continued to lose weight. \"It will be a powerful tool to help families retrain their eating habits,\" he says.", "qas": [{"question": "What does the red line on the screen show?", "id": "26e8a9dccd6e45e5b8b6d3af2a0a5c7f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Oxford's Department for Continuing Education runs ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Oxford's Department for Continuing Education runs over 1000 courses per year, offered on a part-time basis. Programmes include Oxford awards and degrees at undergraduate and postgraduate level, online short courses, weekly classes, day and weekend events, continuing professional development and summer schools. Oxford awards & degrees Over 50 undergraduate and postgraduate Oxford qualifications: certificates, diplomas, advanced diplomas, Master's and Doctoral degrees, offered part-time, in the arts, social sciences, diplomatic studies, human rights law, health care and biomedical sciences, which involve overseas students. Course duration ranges from one year to several years part-time. The Department also runs a Graduate School to provide the support and guidance needed by those following part-time graduate programmes. www.conted.ox.ac.uk/qualifications Online & distance learning Choose from over 90 courses across a range of disciplines. Most are short courses of 5-10 weeks, accredited (officially approved). A few longer courses result in Oxford qualifications. www.conted.ox.ac.uk/online Weekly classes Approximately 500 part-time accredited classes, open to all, and held in Oxford, Reading and other locations. Topics are studied in depth over a period of 10 or 20 weeks. www.conted.ox.ac.uk/weekly Day & weekend events Courses of 1 or 2 days, usually held at weekends and taught by lecturers and speakers who are noted authorities in their field of research. Many courses are offered in combination with national organizations. Over 150 offered per year. www.conted.ox.ac.uk/dayweekend Professional development courses 200 courses per year, ranging from day schools to short refresher courses to full degree programmes. Subjects include health sciences, public policy, diplomatic studies, nanotechnology, electronics, historic conservation, environmental sciences, public administration, higher education leadership and more. www.conted.ox.ac.uk/cpd Summer schools Accredited and non-accredited courses of between one and three weeks, with over 120 to choose from. Most are designed for the general public; others are designed to allow professionals to update skills. www.conted.ox.ac.uk/summerschools", "qas": [{"question": "Which website is useful to foreign students?", "id": "6486461b58b641bc88383dd5285d04c4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "On May 28th, 1998 I was driving my 13-year-old dau", "paragraphs": [{"context": "On May 28th, 1998 I was driving my 13-year-old daughter and 14-year-old son to school. Unfortunately my car crashed with a truck. All three of us were critically injured. Stacey's brain injury was the most severe. Despite all attempts to save her, she died two days later. When I became conscious, I heard my husband talking to the organ donor coordinator . We knew that Stacey would want that because that's the kind of person she was. She always wanted to assist people. She was always smiling and brought so much joy to others. She was friendly and enjoyed writing stories and poetry. It has been a comfort to know that Stacey lives on in the lives of others. I have even met the family of one of Stacey's kidney recipients . This little girl was 6 years old at the time of the transplant. She was suffering from Nephrotic Syndrome. I saw pictures showing the effects of the Nephrotic Syndrome and the pictures of her after the transplant. _ already showed an amazing difference. We correspond every year through letters, cards and pictures. The girl is doing really well at school and will be graduating from high school next year. I am so grateful that we have this relationship. I also feel relieved that my daughter has made so great a difference to a person's life. Over the years, I have had some kind of contact with all of the recipients except the heart recipient. I'm very sorry for that. I would love to hear something from the heart recipient's family. There are so many things that I wonder about her. I wonder if she is anything like Stacey. Does she smile all the time? Does she enjoy writing stories and poetry? I do hope that they can contact us! I feel guilty because I was the one driving in the accident which caused Stacey's death. I also feel proud that my daughter has helped so many people.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the writer's attitude towards her daughter's organ donation?", "id": "a5631282af41484e8798b979ad7865a4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Divorce is bad for environment US researchers rais", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Divorce is bad for environment US researchers raised a new theory on Monday: divorce is bad for the environment. The global trend toward higher divorce rates has created more households with fewet People,scientists at Michigan State University reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. More households means more houses,fuel and water are Heeded for them,the researchers wrote.\"Globally,the number of households is increasing much faster than the number of people,\"said co-author \"Jack\" Liu in a telephone interview. \"Even in regions with declining population, we see _ increase in the number of households. Divorce is the main reason for reducing the number of people in a household,\" he said. The average divorced person's household is about 40 to 50 percent smaller than the average married person's household, Liu said. But whether there are three or six people in a house ,the amount of fuel needed to heat them is about the same. In the prefix = st1 /United States, divorced households used 73 billion kilowatt--hours of electricity and 2.850 trillion litres of water in 2005 that could have been saved if households had stayed the same size as when they were married. I the United Statesand 11 other countries between 1998 and 2002, if divorced households had combined to have the same average household size as married households, there could have been 7.4 million fewer households. The number of divorced households in those countries ranged from 40,000 in Costa Ricato almost 16 million in theUnited Statesaround 2000. The number of rooms per person in divorced households was 33 percent to 95 percent greater than in married households. \"If you really want to get divorced, maybe you can remarry with somebody else, or live together with somebody else you like\", Liu said.", "qas": [{"question": "How much electricity would have been saved without so many people to get divorced?", "id": "a926497eb5404575b6fa959ef17feda7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A new study found that inner-city kids living in n", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A new study found that inner-city kids living in neighborhoods with more green space gained about 13% less weight over a two-year period than kids living among more concrete and fewer trees. Such findings tell a powerful story. The obesity epidemic began in the 1980s, and many people think it results from increased portion sizes and inactivity , but that can't be everything. Big Macs and TVs have been with us for a long time. \"Most experts agree that the changes were related to something in the environment,\" says Thomas Glass of the Hopkins School of Public Health. That something could be a shrinking of the green. The new research, published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, isn't the first to associate greenery with better health, but it does get us closer to identifying what works and why. At its most straightforward, a green neighborhood simply means more places for kids to play -- which is important since time spent outdoors is one of the strongest links to children's activity levels. Glass warns that most studies don't necessarily prove a link between greenness and health, but they're helping _ action. In September the U.S. government approved the No Child Left Inside Act to encourage public initiatives aimed at exposing kids to the outdoors. Finding green space is, of course, not always easy, and you may have to work a bit to get your family a little grass and trees. If you live in a suburb or a city with good parks, take advantage of what's there. Your children in particular will love it -- and their bodies will thank you.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the passage, what might cause children's inactivity?", "id": "2342689bb0d74e1f893cdae3c8504cff", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Modeled after US hot website.com, group buying web", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Modeled after US hot website.com, group buying websites are now popular in China. These websites use the power of group buying to get competitive discounts for a daily deal on some best stuff to do, see, eat and buy in the cities across China. Discounts are available within just one click. Zhao lei, a software engineer in Beijing, loves the one-hour lunch break at noon,as it is the best time for him to check \"today`s special\" at his favorite group buying websites . Sometimes he searches for great deals at directory sites devoted to the new shopping space. Zhao spends around 800 yuan($117.65) on group buying every month, mostly to buy food coupons for eating at some nice restaurants and occasionally to find something fun to do. \" I love group buying. In addition to the competitive discounts it offers, it helps me get something fun, exciting and new, and such surprises give me a reason to try something new,\" he said. When he finds a really good bargain, he will send the link to friends or colleagues through MSN,QQ, or e-mail, or share the information at some social networking websites. In doing so, he often gets a certain cut off the price. At some sites, buyers are invited to leave notes about what they want to buy and the website will consider it if similar applications reach a certain number. That is how Zuo got her digital camera after waiting for two months. \"It is cool. I want to buy a new digitgal camera for my trip to Switzerland this winter, but I never expected such cheap prices!\" Zuo said.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the passage mainly about?", "id": "cdbc81c8544f4f5395366a04a017f0d7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I was small for my age. I was shy and sometimes it", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I was small for my age. I was shy and sometimes it was hard for me to make friends with the others. However, learning came fairly easy for me. I was the best in most of my classes, but PE class was my nightmare and made me feel that I was not as good as the others. Miss Forsythe was our PE teacher. She was young and energetic. Everyone liked her. She said that we all had to come to her classes. No one could hide from Miss Forsythe! One day she told me that she wanted me to play a game with another girl in a PE show. I was rather worried that I wouldn't do a good job when she explained her idea, but she was excited. With her encouragement, I had no choice but to agree. It was a \"boy meets girl\" game. I played the boy and my classmate, Margaret Ann, played the girl. We were dressed in evening clothes and danced around the floor. According to Miss Forsythe, I had to pick up Margaret Ann when we finished the dance. Since I was not strong enough to pick the tallest girl up, it was she who picked me up. I suddenly felt ten feet tall! It was a huge success and everybody applauded for our excellent performance. What a wonderful ending! Afterwards, I smiled confidently . Miss Forsythe's understanding and willingness to create a place for me in her show (which certainly did not need me) gave me some much needed confidence. She was and always will be my favorite teacher.", "qas": [{"question": "What do we know about Miss Forsythe?", "id": "aaf1571a19184e758942145351abaa26", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "There are records of fingerprints taken many centu", "paragraphs": [{"context": "There are records of fingerprints taken many centuries ago. The ancient Babylonians pressed the tips of their fingerprints into clay to record business trade. The Chinese used ink-on-paper finger impressions for business. However, fingerprinting wasn't used as a method for identifying criminals until the 19th century. In 1858, Sir William Herschel was working as an official of the Hooghly district in Jungipoor, India.In order to reduce fraud , he had people living in the district record their fingerprints when signing business documents. A few years later, Scottish doctor Henry Faulds was working in Japan when he discovered fingerprints left by artists on ancient pieces of clay.This finding inspired him to begin investigating fingerprints.In 1880, Faulds wrote to his cousin, the famous naturalist Charles Darwin, and asked for help with developing a fingerprint classification system.Darwin refused, but sent the letter to his cousin, Sir Francis Gallon, who was an eugenicist . Gallon began collecting fingerprints and eventually gathered some 8, 000 different samples to analyze. In 1892, he published a book called \"Fingerprints\", in which he outlined a fingerprint classification system--the first existence. Around the same time, Juan Vucetich, a police officer in Buenos Aires, Argentina, was developing his own version of a fingerprinting system.In 1892, Vucetich was called in to assist with the investigation of the two boys murdered in Necoche, a village near Buenos Aires. Their mother, Francisca Rojas, accused a neighbour named Velasquez. But when Vucetich compared the fingerprints found at the murder scene to those of both Velasquez and Rojas, _ matched Rojas' exactly.She admitted her crime. This was the first time fingerprints had been used in a criminal investigation.Vucetich called his system comparative dactyloscopy . It's still used in many Spanish-speaking countries. Sir Edward Henry, in charge of the Metropolitan Police of London, soon became interested in using fingerprints to catch criminals. In 1896, he added to Gallon's technique, creating his own classification system, the Henry Classification System. It is the primary method of fingerprint classification throughout most of the world.", "qas": [{"question": "Who first came up with the idea of creating a fingerprint classification system?", "id": "ee745222b52b45489640d9deee6e2d0c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "What's on ? The Conjuring 2 (2016) Certificate R 1", "paragraphs": [{"context": "What's on ? The Conjuring 2 (2016) Certificate R 134 min--Horror Viewer points: 8.2 / 10 Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house troubled by evil spirits . Director : James Wan Stars : Vera Farmiga , Patrick Wilson , Madison Wolfe , Frances O'Connor Warcraft (2016) Certificate PG-13 123 min--Action | Adventure | Fantasy Viewer points : 7.7 / 10 The peaceful land of Azeroth stands on the edge of war as its civilization faces a fearsome race of invaders : orc warriors escaping their dying home to conquer another . As a tunnel opens to connect the two worlds , one army faces destruction and the other faces extinction . From opposing sides , two heroes are set on a collision course that will decide the fate of their family , their people , and their home . Director : Duncan Jones Stars : Travis Fimmel , Paula Patton , Ben Foster , Dominic Cooper Now You See Me 2 (2016) Certificate PG-13 129 min--Action | Comedy | Thriller Viewer points : 7.1 / 10 The Four Horsemen resurface and are forcibly hired by a tech genius to pull off their most impossible magic show yet . Director : Jon M. Chu Stars : Jesse Eisenberg , Mark Ruffalo , Woody Harrelson , Dave Franco Me Before You (2016) Certificate PG-13 110 min--Drama | Romance Viewer points : 7.9 /10 A girl in a small town forms an unlikely bond with a recently-disabled man she's taking care of . Director : Thea Sharrock Stars : Emilia Clarke , Sam Claflin , Janet McTeer , Charles Dance", "qas": [{"question": "Which actor will show in a movie that scares you ?", "id": "09a51a8ab3a44ba48e2f43ccdee380b4", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which movie may be least recommended by the audience ?", "id": "331722b92b4a4a2396caed4bebee53d2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "With the new school year quickly coming near (or p", "paragraphs": [{"context": "With the new school year quickly coming near (or perhaps, for your early-starters, already under way), it's time to get ready for a successful term . And while you may be cleaning your wardrobe , it's equally important to freshen up your study skills, too. Have you ever noticed that your study habits are different from those of your friends? Or how you seem to learn faster in certain classes? Some people are quick to blame the teacher or subject for their difficulties, but that isn't always the cause . One thing that many people seem to ignore is their learning type. Now, you may be wondering what a learning type is and how to find yours. There are three different learning types: Visual, Auditory, and Kinesthetic. You can be a _ of learning types, but most people have one main type. 1. Visual learners learn best by seeing. If you seem to easily get information from pictures, graphs, and videos, you are likely a visual learner. 2. Auditory learners learn best by hearing. If you seem to remember things by hearing them, whether listening to a lecture or repeating information out loud, then you are likely an auditory learner. 3. Kinesthetic learners learn best by doing. If you seem to learn best by working with your hands or testing out what you are shown, you are likely a kinesthetic learner. So now that you know your personal learning style, the trick is to find out how to use your new-found knowledge to help you in your classes.", "qas": [{"question": "Stephen loves science and usually does experiments with his classmates in the lab to test what he has learned. So what type of learner is he?", "id": "e274c86ce135417b9cda9da4d2690133", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The average global temperature has increased by al", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The average global temperature has increased by almost 0.5 centigrade degree over the past century; scientists expect it to rise by an extra 1~3 degree over the next 100 years. Warmer weather makes glaciers melt, adding more water to the ocean. The warmer temperature also make water expand, so it takes up more space, causing the sea level to rise. The sea level has risen about 10~25 cm in the last 100 years. The main cause of global warming is human pollution. Through burning coal, oil and gas, people have been increasing the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, such as CO2. This adds to the power of the greenhouse effect, making the planet even warmer. Many scientists believe that, if the warming is not stopped, there will be huge climate changes. The sea level could rise to one metre this century. Should this come true, millions of homes will be swallowed up by the sea and the world will be flooded with \"climate refugees\" looking for somewhere to live?", "qas": [{"question": "What's the basic reason that globe becomes warmer and warmer?", "id": "a03b94c6716b4a83a6ead23c50deff18", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A few years ago, Paul Gerner began to gather a gro", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A few years ago, Paul Gerner began to gather a group of architects in Las Vegas to ask them what it would take to design a public school that used 50 percent less energy, cost much less to build and obviously improved student learning. \"I think half of them fell off their chairs,\" Gerner says. Gerner manages school facilities for Clark County, Nevada, a district roughly the size of Massachusetts. By 2018, 143,000 additional students will enter the already crowded public-education system. Gerner needs 73 new schools to house them. Four architecture teams have nearly finished designing primary school prototypes ; they plan to construct their schools starting in 2009. The district will then assess how well the schools perform, and three winners will copy those designs in 50 to 70 new buildings. Green schools are appearing all over, but in Clark County, which stands out for its vastness, such aggressive targets are difficult because design requirements like more natural light for students go against the realities of a desert climate. \"One of the biggest challenges is getting the right site orientation ,\" Mark. McGinty, a director at SH Architecture, says. His firm recently completed a high school in Las Vegas. \"You have the same building, same set of windows, but if its orientation is incorrect and it faces the sun, it will be really expensive to cool.\" Surprisingly, the man responsible for one of re most progressive green-design competitions has doubts about ideas of eco-friendly buildings. \"I don't believe in the new green religion,\" Gerner says. \"Some of the building technologies that you get are impractical. I'm interested in those that work.\" But he wouldn't mind if some green features inspire students. He says he hopes to set up green energy systems that allow them to learn about the process of harvesting wind and solar power. \"You never know what's going to start the interest of a child to study math and science,\" he says.", "qas": [{"question": "What makes it difficult to build green schools in Clark County?", "id": "5a7c2485f39a4ae9ae40ec4aa51bc934", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Most of the movies show our relationships and our ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Most of the movies show our relationships and our society. What's more important is that people love to watch highs and lows of the relationships in movies. Friendship has been the favorite subject of movie makers for a long time. Many movies are based on lovely relationships like friendship. Friendship can be between two persons or among more than two persons. Movies based on friendship make us remember that the relationship among friends is delicate . These movies also show how important it is to have a true friend in life and to own the friendship. Friendship is described in different ways in movies. These movies show different faces of this lovely relationship including the pleasant and interesting faces .Let us discuss how friendship is described in movies. Friends share common interests:In most of the movies, it is shown that two people become friends easily when they share some common interests. For example, two friends may be in love with the same sports, studying in the same school or living in the same neighborhood.You can see such friendship in movies such as \"Harry Potter\" and \"Lord of Rings\". Harry Potter has two friends. All of them are interested in the use of magic. Friends make sacrifices : In most of the movies,friends make sacrifices for each other. A good example is \"Sholay\". In this movie,there are two friends Jay and Veeru who are there for each other till death. Jay sacrifices his life to save his friend. Friends never run away from difficulties: In movies,it is always shown that true friends always stand up for their friends in times of difficulties. Understanding: In movies,friends understand each other without even saying a word. A single smile can brighten up the faces of all the friends.", "qas": [{"question": "What is mainly talked about in this passage?", "id": "bd5bfe6f75f449dabae8d702c74ec712", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Four students are talking about the future after c", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Four students are talking about the future after class. Deng Yu: In 2050, China will be richer than it is now. Beijing will be getting ready for the 40thOlympic Games in 2050. We will see the blue and clear sky and smell the fresh air. There will be more pandas living happily in China. I believe that 2050 will be the year of China. Liu Yan: A holiday to the moon will no longer be a dream. We can also travel far to other planets and talk with spacemen. We might also eat something like pills instead of today's meals. Everyone will enjoy a longer life. Sun Wei: Robots will be more popular. They will do what people don't want to do. We'll build new homes on other planets. By then, I'll be sixty years old. Zhang Lan: By the year of 2050, cloning will have been used in many ways. It will bring back animals which disappeared many years ago. There will be no pollution. The whole world will be one big family. There will be no wars. We'll live a much easier and better life.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the dialogue mainly about?", "id": "5027e06c92df4a56b9f2c883315f0bd8", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Below are Top 10 Scholarly Stars in America in 201", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Below are Top 10 Scholarly Stars in America in 2011. It's not always about fame and fortune for these celebs - education is a priority in their lives. Find out what scholarly stars have earned degrees and diplomas or are returning to the classroom as you head back to school. No. 10: James Franco James has attended FOUR prestigious universities in his life: UCLA, New York University, Columbia University and Yale University. We hear he's is so serious about school, he missed the Oscar nominations to attend class! No. 9: Natalie Portman Natalie Portman is so Ivy League: she graduated from Harvard University in 2003, thanks to her parents, who she says always made sure she put her studies before her acting. No. 8: Haley Joel Osment When students at NYU heard Haley Joel would be joining them as a freshman in 2006, they chalked the campus' sidewalks with his famous Sixth Sense movie line: \"I see dead people.\" No. 7: Emma Watson Although Emma Watson put her education on hold to wrap up the Harry Potter film series, in July 2011 she announced that she was going back to school at Brown University to complete her degree. No. 6: Dakota and Elle Fanning Celeb sisters Dakota and Elle Fanning are stars on screen and in class. Dakota was her high school's homecoming queen two years in a row while Elle, who still attends middle school, somehow manages to balance her acting career with math tests and gym class. No. 5: Mara Wilson Mara Wilson graduated from NYU in 2009. Mara, who played the adorable Nattie in Mrs. Doubtfire, eventually grew up and headed to New York to attend NYU's Tisch School of the Arts; she graduated in 2009. No. 4: Tyra Banks Tyra Banks is known for being a savvy businesswoman, but even the best could use some formal training. She enrolled in Harvard Business School in 2011 and even went so far as to live in a dorm with her fellow classmates! \"We live in dorms,\" confirmed the TV star. \"I have my own room but we share a kitchen, living room and study area. It's mandatory dorms. I freaked out. In the beginning I was like, 'Oh yes, I'm going to Harvard and I'll be at the Four Seasons down the street.' And they were like, 'Girl, you're living in dorms!'\" No. 3: Shakira Singer Shakira is resting her hips and giving her brain a workout at UCLA, attending classes on the history of western civilization so she could \"learn from the best\". No. 2: Steven Spielberg Director Steven skipped getting a formal education to be an unpaid intern at Universal Studios, where he learned his tricks of the _ . But eventually he did go back and earned his film degree in 2002. No. 1: Danica McKellar Danica McKellar is a math whiz. She used to be known for starring as Winnie Cooper in the Wonder Years, but Danica is also a UCLA graduate, math whiz and education advocate who's written three best-selling books encouraging middle-school girls to have confidence and succeed in mathematics.", "qas": [{"question": "How many stars referred to in the material studied or will go to UCLA?", "id": "42b202c3e21040d8932affd0e9d641b2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "From Britain to the Middle East and China, enginee", "paragraphs": [{"context": "From Britain to the Middle East and China, engineers and architects are pushing the boundaries of possibility as they strive to create the biggest and the best. Here are recently-selected seven wonders-to-be in the modern world which are near completion. Among these, Beijing Daxing International Airport ranks the first and Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge ranks the third. No.1 Beijing Daxing International Airport, China Beijing Daxing International Airport, which is set to be the biggest airport in the world, is designed by Iraqi-British architect Zaha Hadid. The new Terminal One will have a radial-like plan, designed to reduce passenger travel distances. The construction of the new airport started in 2015 and it is planned to be put into use in 2019. No.2 Kingdom Tower, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia Adrian Smith, the architect who has designed the highest structure in the world, the 829.8 m-high Burj Khalifa in Dubai, is now working on his new project which will smash his own record by this over-a-kilometer-high Kingdom Tower in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. No one can be sure about the exact date of its completion but most probably the project will be ended in 2019. No.3 Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge, China At about 50 km long, Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge will take the title of the longest water span in the world from another China's bridge in Jiaozhou Bay. The construction started in 2009 and will complete the first session in 2017. No.4 Chernobyl reactor, Ukraine The engineers of the USSR who fought to bring the Chernobyl disaster under control built a concrete sarcophagus to cover the hole that had opened up above the destroyed reactor. A new steel arched structure is being built, to be rolled on rails over the reactor, from which point demolition work can begin using cranes suspended from the new roof. Most possibly it will be finished in 2020. No.5 Hotel Abraj Kudai, Mecca Every hajj, Mecca receives more than two million pilgrims from all over the world. New buildings are being built to accommodate these pilgrims. The Abraj Kudai cluster of towers will hold more than 10,000 hotel rooms. It is expected that the construction work will be put an end to in 2017. No.6 Crossrail, London Crossrail is built to link east and west London through the sewers, cables, and the city's foundations. After its completion in 2017, it is expected to alleviate traffic jams in London. No.7 Grand Stade FFR, Paris Grand Stade FFR is designed especially for the French Rugby Federation. The stadium can accommodate 82,000 fans and is dotted with retractable pitches (a marked out area of ground on which a sport is played). A retractable roof apparatus is capable of turning the stadium into a giant interior. Hopefully the fans can gather there to watch thrilling matches in 2018.", "qas": [{"question": "Which building is the highest existing building?", "id": "762f07df004346bca1509e1a3ddd6b16", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Helge and Kari Farsund, who live in Oslo, Norway, ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Helge and Kari Farsund, who live in Oslo, Norway, have been a couple for 50 years. Mr Farsund worrked as an engineer, while his wife was an intensive-care nurse at one point serving with the Red Cross in Rwanda, helping victims of the violent war in that country.Three years ago, a personal tragedy struck, when Mrs Farsund was found to have developed Alzheimer's . 'As the condition became worse, Mr Farsund began looking for a system that could help both of them live as normal a life as possible. He came across the healthcare technology company Abilia, which has come up with just such a network. At the center \\of the system is an iPad-like device. The screen has Skype, which allows carers to regularly check in with patients. It also has a planner for patients or carers to record up-coming events and provides spoken reminders about daily tasks, such as when they need to take medicine. Some l,000 people now have the system installed in their homes, and 25 of them, including the Farsunds, are testing the latest version, which combines the screen with wirelessly connected sensors. The motion sensors know if you are in the room or open a door, and send out alarms, for instance, if the stove is left on for more than 15 minutes or a per.son opens a door in the middle of the night. The second is a particular issue in Oslo, where sub-zero winters mean some Alzheimer's patients are freezing to death. \"With.this kind of system, it allows people to take care of themselves, which is the most important thing,\" says vice president Oystein Johnsen. For him, any move to improve city life needs to begin with people. \"Smart cities are coming and they need to start with individuals in their own home,\" he says. \"It also saves the govemment money. In Norway it costPS100,000 per year to have someone in a home, while this system costs 15,000. That is a lot of money to save.\"", "qas": [{"question": "Which section of BBC news is most likely to.include this passage?", "id": "93a1cc87511942d9a14bab4f5d2ba17f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "During adolescence , peers play a large part in a ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "During adolescence , peers play a large part in a young person's life and typically replace family as the center of a teen's social activities. Some kids give in to peer pressure because they want to be liked or because they worry that other kids may make fun of them if they don't go along with the group. Others may go along because they are curious to try something new that others are doing. The idea that \"everyone's doing it\" may influence some kids to leave their better judgment, or their common sense, behind. As children grow, develop, and move into early adolescence, contacts with one's peers and the attraction of peer identification increases. As pre-adolescents begin rapid physical, emotional and social changes, they begin to question adult standards and the need for parental guidance. They find it good to turn for advice to friends who understand-- friends who are in the same position themselves. By trying new things and testing their ideas with their peers, there is less fear of being laughed at. There are two levels of peer pressure. The first is in the large group: for most teens a school or a youth group are examples. This is the situation that gets the most attention. The second is in the close relationship with one or several best friends. This is the situation that is sometimes _ . The large group puts a general pressure on its members. It sets the standard for clothing, music, entertainment, and \"political correctness\". The pressure can be avoided by keeping quiet or by putting on the appearance of agreement.", "qas": [{"question": "When in pre-adolescence, who may children ask for suggestions?", "id": "8901a6294f2c47fc8aeaa3ddb5bc3a3f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "We offer five kinds of courses. Each course has be", "paragraphs": [{"context": "We offer five kinds of courses. Each course has been designed to help students according to their needs. Course 1: General English General English is designed to develop students' basic communication skills in: Speaking and Pronunciation, Reading, Listening, Writing, Grammar and Vocabulary. Tuesday to Friday: 9:00 am to 11:00 am, $288 per week. Course 2: Academic English Academic English is for students who want to take the IELTS exam or for those who need to use English in a professional area. Monday to Friday: 4:00 pm to 5:00 pm, $320 per week. Course 3: High School ESL Why not make the most of your time studying in Australia with the help from TIES? We have High School ESL classes each week specifically designed for International Students. Tuesday to Friday: 8:00 am to 11:00 am, $25 per hour. Course 4: Night Classes Do you want to improve your English and get the best results possible in your GRE test? We have two night classes each week designed to meet your needs. Tuesday and Thursday evenings: 8:30 pm to 10:30 pm, $60 per day. Course 5: One on One If you are interested in some One on One lessons with TIES teachers, we can design a curriculum to meet your needs. One on One lessons can improve your English language skills more quickly and help students who want to take TOEFL. Tuesday to Friday: 2:00 pm to 5:00 pm, $80 per hour.", "qas": [{"question": "Which course would be helpful for students who want to take the IELTS exam?", "id": "909a511b540e479ea4b26a50109e41e0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Five Ways to Rock the Rest of the Semester With ex", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Five Ways to Rock the Rest of the Semester With exams around the corner, how can you possibly pack in one more English word, let alone the causes of the Cold War? Don't worry. Here is our handy guide to help you Power Down So you stayed up too late last night reading Mockingjay for the fifth time. Oops! When you're that fired, your schoolwork suffers. Instead of studying inefficiently while you are sleepy, allow yourself a 15-minute afterschool power nap. Studies show that even a few minutes of shut-eye can improve memory and concentration. Take Notes Not quite grasping that super complicated concept in your chemistry class? You may need to change the way you take notes. Instead of recording every word your teacher says, try using visual hints like pictures, symbols and word bubbles. You can even switch computer fonts or pen color for the important stuff. Dream On Your bed's not just for zzz's. Experts say it may be good to study in bed, too. Why? We're able to absorb more right before bed because we're less distracted and the new information stays in our minds as we sleep. So, slide into bed with a textbook or notes, read for 15 minutes, and then turn off the lights for some sweet and smart dreams. Brain Food You're in the middle of a biology exam when your mind goes blank. You knew this stuff cold at home, but now you can't tell a ribosome from a chloroplast. What's going on? Your brain's in need of some refueling. Have some snacks like apple slices or cheese before class, and have plenty of water, too. If your teacher doesn't mind, pop in a piece of gum during an exam. Some scientists think the chewing increases the flow of oxygen to the brain. Smart Move Ugh! You're taking an English test and you cannot remember the past participle of \"understand\". What to do? Skip it. Test taking is all about timing, so don't waste it on tricky questions. Move ahead and answer everything you know before returning to the ones you don't. Chances are, once you get back to the toughies, you'll recall the answer or at the very least, you'll have a little more time to come up with one that works.", "qas": [{"question": "You have been working on your essay for two hours and your eyes feel tired, you'd better", "id": "cbeba94c66fa4c61a14613dda53e7e2f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Kong Zi , also called Confucius (551-479 B.C) , an", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Kong Zi , also called Confucius (551-479 B.C) , and Socrates (469-399 B. C) lived only a hundred years apart , and during their lifetimes there was no contact between China and Greece, but it is interesting to look at how the world that each of these great philosophers came from shaped their ideas , and how these ideas in turn ,shaped their societies. Confucius suggested the Golden Rule as a principle for the conduct of life:\" Do not do to others what you would not want others to do to you.\" He assumed that all men were equal at birth, though some bad more potential than others, and that it was knowledge that set men apart. Socrates focused on the individual, and thought that the greatest purpose of man was to seek wisdom. He believed that the superior class should rule the inferior classes. For Socrates, the family was of no importance, and the community of little concern. For Confucius, however, the family was the centre of the society, with family relations considered much more important than political relations. Both men are respected much more today than they were in their lifetimes.", "qas": [{"question": "What made some people different from others according to Confucius?", "id": "706cee4dc14344d0ac73d402ae60fa87", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When I was a kid, I always used to wonder how in t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When I was a kid, I always used to wonder how in the world my father work outside in the winter without a coat. It could be minus 20 degrees centigrade and there'd be Dad, removing snow, or perhaps chopping some wood --- his coat thrown aside--- wearing a shirt , a cap, and a pair of gloves. \"Aren't you cold, Dad?\" I'd ask. \"No,\" Dad would reply. \"I'm not cold--- working too hard to be cold.\" Many times I wondered whether my father was an extremely tough man, or whether he was foolish. One time when I was quite young, perhaps five or so, I went ice fishing with Dad. It was a bright, clear day--and bitterly cold. After we'd been out on the ice for a little while, my feet started getting cold. \"Daddy, my feet are cold.\" I said. \"Yeah, it's cold out here today,\" he replied. \"Tell you what,\" he said. \"Walk around. Make some circles in the snow. See how many different patterns you can make. That will get your feet warm.\" Now, I was just a little girl at the time but I remember thinking, \"How in the world will walking around in the snow make my feet warm? Dad must be out of mind. But he was my father, after all. I made circles in the snow. I made squares. Pretty soon I was having so much fun making patterns in the snow. I forgot about my feet being cold. Now, all these years later, I know, too, from personal experience how my father was able to take his coat off and work outside in the winter wearing just a shirt, a cap and gloves. Because I do it, too. \"Aren't you cold?\" my husband asked one winter day. \"No,\" I replied. \"I'm not cold--working too hard to be cold.\" I hope my husband has decided I'm both tough and smart. But I guess quite a bit of the time he thinks I'm foolish. Wherever Dad is in that great big farm in the sky--I'm sure he can't help but smile whenever I take my coat off while I'm working outside in the winter.", "qas": [{"question": "What might the author's husband think of her?", "id": "7451748792574ac6b23c41eeae177942", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "My grandson, Daniel, and I have always been very c", "paragraphs": [{"context": "My grandson, Daniel, and I have always been very close. When Daniel's father remarried after a divorce, Daniel, who was eleven, and his little sister, Kristie, came to live with us. My husband and I were more than happy to have kids in the house again. Things were going along just fine until the diabetes I've lived with most of my adult life started affecting my eyes, and then more seriously, my kidneys . Then everything seemed to fall apart. Three times a week, I had to go to the hospital to be hooked up to a dialysis machine . I was living, but I couldn't really call it a life -- it was an existence. I had no energy. I dragged myself through daily chores and slept as much as I could. My sense of humor seemed to disappear. Daniel, seventeen by then, was really affected by the change in me. He tried as hard as he could to make me laugh, to bring back the grandma who loved to clown around with him. Even in my sorry state, Daniel could still bring a smile to my face. But things were not improving. After a year on dialysis, my condition was deteriorating and the doctors felt that if I didn't receive a kidney transplant within six months, I would surely die. No one told Daniel this, but he knew -- he said all he had to do was look after me. To top it off, as my condition worsened, there was a chance that I would become too weak to have the transplant surgery at all, and then there would be nothing they could do for me. So we started the tense and desperate wait for a kidney. I was adamant that I didn't want a kidney from anyone I knew. I would wait until an appropriate kidney became available, or I would literally die waiting. But Daniel had other plans. The time that he took me to my dialysis appointments, he did a little secret research on his own. Then he announced his intention to me. \"Grandma, I'm giving you one of my kidneys. I'm young and I'm healthy ...\" He paused. He could see I wasn't at all happy with his offer. He continued, almost in whisper, \"And most of all, I couldn't stand it if you weren't around.\" His face wore an expression of appeal mixed with determination. He can be as stubborn as a mule once he decides on something -- but I've been told many times that I can out-stubborn any mule! We argued. I couldn't let him do it. We both knew that if he gave up his kidney, he would also give up his life's dream; to play football. It was all he ever talked about. And he was good, too. Daniel was co-captain and star defensive tackle of his high school team; he expected to apply for a football scholarship and was looking forward to playing college football. He just loved the sport. \"How can I let you throw away the thing that means the most to you?\" I pleaded with him. \"Grandma,\" he said softly, \"compared to your life, football means nothing to me.\" After that, I couldn't argue anymore. So we agreed to see if he was a good donor match, and then we'd discuss it further. When the tests came back, they showed Daniel was a perfect match. That was it. I knew I wasn't going to win that argument, so we scheduled the transplant. Both surgeries went smoothly. As soon as I came out of the anesthesia , I could tell things were different. I felt great! The nurses in the intensive care unit had to keep telling me to lie back and be quiet -- I wasn't supposed to be that lively! I was afraid to go to sleep, for fear I would break the spell and wake up the way I had been before. But the good feeling didn't go away, and I spent the evening joking and laughing with anyone who would listen. ", "qas": [{"question": "What would giving up a kidney mean to Daniel, according to the passage?", "id": "7cd3b0d9cbd248d7ad1eb131b2fa308c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Michael Jackson is one of the world's best singers", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Michael Jackson is one of the world's best singers. Michael Jackson was born in the middle west of the city of Gary, Indiana, in 1958. He began singing with his four brothers. They called the group \"The Jackson Five\". The group became very popular after appearing on a television program. They started singing in 1965, and became popular soon. In 1970 the group made their first record with the name of \"I Want You Back\". It was very popular. One of their hit records was \"Never Say Goodbye\". Michael was good at dancing as well as singing, such as his dance moves and moon walking. He was asked to act in a film in 1978 for the first time, and in the same year he made a record on his own, which sold eight million _ all over the world. Michael nearly didn't go out because he was too famous. Once his fans went off in a faint when they saw him at the concert. No one can do it by now. He lived in a large house and kept lots of animals. He never ate meat. He often raised money for Charity. This made him win the Guinness World Records in 2006. He died on June 25th, 2009, but he would live in our heart forever.", "qas": [{"question": "How many people are there in Michael's group except him?", "id": "5c850aab12ff4029a3c4a257907efe66", "answers": []}, {"question": "What's the name of their first record?", "id": "e6bf6e01ab754d25a5a13e403b896bb1", "answers": []}, {"question": "Why did Michael have to stay at home most of time?", "id": "5ae7373e470c46b195004265a966fc33", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"An apple a day keeps the doctor away\" is one of t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"An apple a day keeps the doctor away\" is one of the most common sayings in the English languages. This is because apples were one of the first foods that medical professionals recognized as healthy---their benefits became obvious when, quite simply, doctors found that people who ate apples were sick less often than those who did not. Today we have a more specific understanding of why apples are so beneficial to overall health. Apples can help keep your levels of bad cholesterol down. The pectin in apples helps you to maintain cardiovascular health and reduce LDL cholesterol(which is the \"bad\" kind). Apples themselves do not add cholesterol to your diet and are full of water and fiber to help weaken the cholesterol in other foods you might digest. According to Health Diaries, people who eat two apples per day may lower their cholesterol by as much as 16 percent. Apples are naturally low in calories and high in water content. Eating an apple can satisfy your hunger and keep you from reaching for high-sugar, high-calories snacks. By eating apples, you will be more able to maintain a healthy weight because they fill you up, potentially stopping you from eating food that encourages a waistline increase. Apples contain considerable levels of boron , which helps build healthy bones, and can also prevent diseases like arthritis. Apples are rich in vitamin C, which is known to help build immunity. Studies have shown that apples can decrease the risk of breast cancer and liver cancer. One theory is that the apple skins are responsible for this, so be sure not to take apple skins off before you eat them, as you could remove some of the health benefits.", "qas": [{"question": "Which plays an important role in reducing the risk of breast cancer?", "id": "5e63e3c5724a4a45a17dd4beb0f95d22", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Hurry! Time to \"steal vegetables\" Don't be afraid!", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Hurry! Time to \"steal vegetables\" Don't be afraid! We are not encouraging the stealing behavior, but to tell you maybe the most popular topic from white-collars' mouth in cities. Together with \"How many vegetables do you steal today,\" \"it's harvest time for your ripe peach,\" \"I bought you a new car today.\" Are there so many people in the city really have their own farms, or are they really so rich to buy someone else cars casually? The answer is obviously negative. They just play some games on Social Network Sites (SNS) like kaixin001.com. Can you imagine that more than millions of people in Chinese mainland will spend lots of time on SNS to play game and talk to friends, especially white-collars who work in the cities? Take kaixin001.com as an example, the current member of it has already hit 38 million. However, the great number of people who would like to use such SNS indicates another social problem. That is lots of people choose to escape from the reality. And SNS just offer them a Virtual space to forget the reality. Kinds of games and various of friends do give netizens lots of fun. Though indulging, dreaming, chatting and playing , it seems like people could really escape from all the upsets in reality. But virtual world is not real and no one can live in it forever, and reality is not that simple like noodling around on the internet. Since this kind of social phenomenon is so popular on the internet, people start thinking to remove it in the reality.After playing the \"happy farm\" game on kaixin001.com, would you like to put yourself among the real corps while smelling the fragrance of the countryside? Recently, a farm land service called \"happy farm in reality\" was opened in the suburbs of Shanghai where white-collar workers from around that region can experience the real farmer's life by themselves", "qas": [{"question": "Which group are the majority playing the \"Happy Farm\" game?", "id": "daea9aa373a542c181eff9252d9b416f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It is winter in many parts of the world. For some ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It is winter in many parts of the world. For some areas, that means snow. Maybe even lots of snow. If you don't have to drive in it or remove it, snow can be very beautiful. When snow covers everything around you, the world looks like a \"winter wonderland\". That is the name of a very popular song about winter. Richard Smith and Felix Bernard wrote the song back in 1934. There are hundreds of recordings of this happy song. But winter is not always such a beautiful and happy time. It's cold outside. You try hard to keep warm. The days are darker and shorter. The sun rarely shines. The leaves on the trees are brown. It isn't surprising that some people are sad in winter. And some people dream about being somewhere else where it's warm and pretty--like the state of California. The Mamas and the Papas recorded this famous song \"California Dreaming\". During the 1960s, many other famous rock groups released songs about winter. Here is a poetic song by Simon and Garfunkel called \"A Hazy Shade of Winter\". They sing about life and hope and possibilities. In 1968, the group Blood, Sweat and Tears recorded this gentle, sad song about winter. They sing about a lost love and forgotten memories in \"Sometimes in Winter\". In the early 1990s, Tori Amos wrote and recorded the beautiful song called \"Winter\". She enjoyed singing about winter when she was a child. Finally, on a happier note comes this song written and recorded by Fountains of Wayne in 2003. They sing about a snowstorm in a New England town. Nothing unusual there. But instead of being sad or tense about the snow, they write a song about it.", "qas": [{"question": "Which of the songs can bring us hope of life?", "id": "35f84a81a341447fa15b11e24206b357", "answers": []}, {"question": "What does the passage mainly talk about?", "id": "c65ee5c7d36d40bca4ce752410523064", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When I was two years old, something happened which", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When I was two years old, something happened which I have never forgotten. It was early spring, and there was a light mist over the trees and fields. The other young fellows and I were feeding at the lower end of the field when we heard the distant cry of dogs. The oldest among us lifted his head to listen. \"There are the hounds \", he said, and immediately raced off. The rest of us followed him to the top of the field where we could see several fields beyond. Soon the dogs were all racing down the field next to ours, making a loud \"yoyoyoyo\" sound. After then came men on horses, some in green coats. Suddenly, the dogs became silent and ran around with their noses to the ground. \"They've lost the smell of the hare.\" said the old horse. \"Perhaps it will escape.\" But the dogs began their \"yoyoyoyo\" again and came at full speed towards our field. Just then a hare, wild with fear, ran towards the trees. The dogs jumped over the stream and ran across the field, followed by the huntsmen. Six or eight jumped their horses over the stream, close behind the dogs. Before the hare could get away, the dogs were upon her with wild cries. We heard a terrible scream, and that was the end of the hare. One of the men picked her up and held her by the leg. She was covered in blood, but all the huntsmen seemed pleased. I was so greatly surprised that at first I did not see what was happening by the stream but when I did look, I saw a sad sight. Two fine horses were down, one in the stream struggling to stand up and the other on the grass with one of his legs broken. One rider, who seemed unhurt, was climbing out of the water, but the other lay quite still. \"His neck is broken,\" said my mother. \"I can't understand why men are so fond of this sport. They often hurt themselves and ruin good horses, all for one hare that they could get more easily in other ways. But we are only horses, and don't know why men do these things.\" They carried the dead rider to our master's house, and then came back to the black horse on the grass. The animal was in great pain and one of his legs was broken. Someone ran to our master's house and came back to the horse with a gun. Soon after there was a loud bang and a terrible cry, and the black horse did not move any more.", "qas": [{"question": "Which word can be used to describe my true feeling at the scene of the hunting?", "id": "667b96ed3edb4ce5b1522e7dbb5f2269", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In opposing President Barack Obama's opening to Cu", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In opposing President Barack Obama's opening to Cuba, Florida's Republican senator, Marco Rubio, explained, \"This entire policy shift announced today is based on an illusion, on a lie, the lie and the illusion that more commerce and access to money and goods will _ political freedom for the Cuban people.\" Rubio has correctly touched on the hottest issue. But theory, logic and history suggest that he's wrong in his conclusions. I would recommend to Rubio one of the classics of conservative thought, Milton Friedman's \"Capitalism and Freedom.\" He doesn't have to spend too much time on it. The first chapter outlines the \"relation between economic freedom and political freedom.\" The point Friedman makes in the book is one that America's founding fathers well understood. Drawing on the political philosopher John Locke, they believed that the freedom to buy, sell, own and trade were primary elements of human freedom and individual autonomy . As they expand, liberty expands. This is not just theory, of course. Over the last two centuries, the countries that embraced \"more commerce and access to money and goods\" in Rubio's phrase -- Britain, America, then Western Europe and East Asia -- have moved toward greater prosperity, but also political freedom. If you exclude oil-rich countries, where money is not earned but dug from the ground, on the whole there has been a strong connection between economic freedom and political freedom. In Latin America today, democracy and markets have acted to strengthen each other, transforming the continent, which 30 years ago was almost entirely ruled by dictatorships to one that is today almost entirely ruled by democracies. After opening up its economy in the 1970s, Chile began to grow, but that growth then produced a stronger civil society that over time contributed to the end of the dictatorship within the country. Yet Cuba is an outlier, one of the last regimes in Latin America that has embraced neither markets nor ballots. The Obama administration is acting on the theory that more commerce, capitalism, contact, travel and trade will empower the people of Cuba and thus gives them a greater voice in their political future. And so the first point to make is that it will help Cubans economically -- it will raise their incomes, their standard of living, and boost access to technology. These are all good things in and of themselves. But easing the embargo will also help Americans, who will benefit from being able to trade with a neighbor. This is the reason that conservatives have long understood that free trade is not a gift bestowed on someone. It helps both countries and in particular, helps the United States. That's why the Wall Street Journal's editorial page -- bastion of conservative thought -- has been an advocate on lifting the trade embargo against Cuba, which is a far larger step than Obama's normalization.", "qas": [{"question": "Who doesn't believe that democracy and markets strengthen each other?", "id": "099fc996869e432d8854e7f4329d90b0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "U.S. Bottled Water Sales Are Booming Again Despite", "paragraphs": [{"context": "U.S. Bottled Water Sales Are Booming Again Despite Opposition Despite organized anti-bottled-water campaigns across the country and a noisy debate about bottled water's environmental impact, Americans are buying more bottled water than ever. Why do so many people seem to think they should have any input on what other American's choose to buy or do? If they want to buy bottled water, let them. If they want to eat fast food, let them. If they want to smoke pot, let them. -- Barackalypse People just get tired of paying for others' bad behavior. If many people eat excessive fast food, you pay higher insurance premiums. If many people frequently buy bottled water, your trash bills go up and landfills fill up quickly.www.zxxk.com It's about personal responsibility, which really should be a cornerstone of libertarianism. -- Bdbr So? This is the price you pay to live in a free society. You want to control the life of another just so you can save a few bucks? What would you say when someone do the same to you? -- Norman619 Defend selfish pricks all you like; I'm just glad there are still people who still believe personal responsibility is a good and decent thing. We make your life cheaper and less bothersome. -- Yoyo What a waste of money! It's fine when you're on the road and you need a cold drink, but people who buy cases of bottled water for home are completely crazy. -- Agmlauncher I wish we all can find a way to improve things and benefit from this. The environment needs a lot of help but businesses will always work on what people would need and demand. Is this part of the balance? Hope we can find better ways. -- Skipweis", "qas": [{"question": "Who would agree with Barackalypse on this matter?", "id": "b9d530d12f7546e585b1a61465cd1fb4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Singles' Day, also called Double Eleven, began as ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Singles' Day, also called Double Eleven, began as a day for unmarried or uncoupled people to celebrate their lives on November 11, 1993. In China, however, Singles' Day has become the biggest online shopping day in the world, which was created in 2009 by Alibaba's CEO Daniel Zhang to increase online sales. Since then, it has grown into a cultural phenomenon. China Singles' Day, as a shopping day, takes place on November 11 each year. There are sharp _ and other promotions designed by Alibaba to attract online customers. In 2015, E-commerce giant Alibaba broke records with sales of $14.3 billion on China Singles' Day, with online sales increasing 60 percent from last year, according to Alibaba. \"Most people shop on mobile phones or ipads and online shopping has become a comfortable channel for most consumers\", said Kitty Fok, China manager for market research. \"China is a big market with close to one billion smart, connected device users. It is good news for both Alibaba and their competitors,\" she said. The company is focusing on international e-commerce for future Singles' Days, reported Reuters. \"Within the next five years, we expect China will become the world's largest e-commerce market for imported products,\" President Michael Evans told reporters on Wednesday. Alibaba Chief Executive Daniel Zhang said in a statement that Singles' Day would mean that \"the whole world will see the power of Chinese consumption.\" Over 130 million users visited Alibaba's marketplace app, Taobao, reported the BBC.", "qas": [{"question": "What does Alibaba expect to do on Singles' Day?", "id": "1fdb085c144a4f28a6a7d4d9d644804b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "One fine afternoon, I was walking along Fifth Stre", "paragraphs": [{"context": "One fine afternoon, I was walking along Fifth Street when I remembered that it was necessary to buy a pair of socks. Why I wished to buy only one pair was unimportant. I turned into the first sock shop that caught my eye. A boy clerk, who could not have been more than seventeen years old came forward. \"What can I do for you, sir?\" he said \"I wish to buy a pair of socks.\" I replied. His eyes shone. There was a note of excitement in his voice. \"Did you know that you had come into the finest place in the world to buy socks?\" I had no idea of that, as my entrance had been accidental. \"Come with me,\" said the boy, eagerly. I followed him to the back of the shop, and he began to pull down box after box from the shelves, showing their contents for my choice. \"Hold on, lad\" I said \"I am going to buy only one pair!\" \"I know that,\" said he, \"but I want you to see how beautiful these are. Aren't they wonderful!\" There was on his face an expression of seriousness and pride and delight as if he were showing me the secrets of his religion . I became far more interested in him than in the socks. I looked at him in surprise. \"My friend, \" said I, \"if you can keep this up, if this is not merely from having a new job, if you can keep up this high spirit and excitement day after day, in ten years you will own every sock in the United States.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What did the writer want to buy one fine afternoon?", "id": "2e2446f9ef7d4ea9b648d189e14d45e8", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I decided to go back to school in the fall of 2008", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I decided to go back to school in the fall of 2008 after not being happy with my current job and financial status. I obtained my Associate's Degree in May 2002 in Commercial Arts. After graduation, I had trouble obtaining a job in that field. For years, I was going from one job to another feeling unfilled, and I was not satisfied with the instability. I decided to go back to school for either International Business or Psychology. I weighed the pros and cons of both professions and Psychology won. I like helping my friends and family, when they go through hard situations in their life by giving them sound advice and being honest with them. Also, I was interested in \"the mind\". I was searching for online schools because my work schedule at my current job would not allow me to attend a regular class. I was nervous about starting online classes because I heard mixed stories from other friends who were taking online classes. I decided to do it anyway to experience something different. I wanted to find an online school that was affordable and reputable. Through my search, I discovered Walden University, which is specially for working adults who want to obtain a bachelor's degree or higher. The process of getting accepted was easy, which included writing an essay on why I wanted to attend their school, transferring my previous credits, etc. I am currently enrolled in the Bachelors program for psychology, and I am paying for college via financial-aid loans and grants. This experience has been interesting yet trying as sometimes it was difficult to balance work, school and home life. I learned a lot about psychology and myself. For example, I like writing about current events, relationships and traveling. I thought my English composition was ordinary, but after taking a few classes at Walden University, I improved my English composition and it made me feel confident enough to start writing professionally so I became a freelance writer. Currently, I am only three classes away from obtaining my Bachelor's Degree in Psychology! It was one of the best decisions I made in my life.", "qas": [{"question": "What did the author study originally when he was in college?", "id": "b16433a8f74b4224ac507385a1af6565", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "My grandmother often said to me, \"You can count th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "My grandmother often said to me, \"You can count the number of your true friends on the fingers of one hand.\" For a long time I thought this was true. However, I've now discovered my grandmother was only half right. Maybe we do only make a few \"best\" friends in our lifetime, but those aren't the only people that we can call friends. There are many different types. Let me tell you about a few of them. One type of friends is the type I call the \"football mom friend\". My neighbor Sally is a good example. We both have kids who play football in a football club, and someone has to take them to practice and pick them up. Sally and I and two other mothers take turns to do this. We meet sometimes and have tea and talk about what our kids are doing, but those are the only times that we meet each other. I enjoy being with these women, but we don't do anything else together. Another type is called the \"hobby friend\". That's the person you share an interest or a hobby with. Michael and Cater, who are brothers, are a good example of this type. We're all in a bird watching club. Every few weekends the members of the club go on a trip to watch different kinds of birds. There's nothing romantic about my relationship with Michael and Cater, of course. We just share interest in birds. Then there's the \"other half of the couple\" type of friends. Jim is married to Rose, a friend that I've known since college. When Rose married Jim, I realized that I would have to be Jim's friend if I want to continue to be Rose's. Jim and I don't share so many interests, but we do have a friendly relationship.", "qas": [{"question": "Many people are mentioned in this passage. Who is the writer's true friend?", "id": "502a5d97060c4f189c6539a9eae44af3", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The following five destination shall never be miss", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The following five destination shall never be missed *Blue Lagoon : Blue Lagoon geothermal spa is one of the most visited attractions in Iceland. The warm waters are rich in minerals and bathing in the Blue Lagoon is reputed to help some people suffering from skin diseases. The water temperature in the bathing and swimming area of the Lagoon averages 37degC - 39degC(99F -102F). The Blue Lagoon also operates a research and development facility to help find cures for skin diseases using the mineral-rich water. *Budapest: Budapest holds the title \"City of Spas\" since the year 1934, as it has more hot and medicinal water springs than any other capital city in the world. There are 118 springs in Budapest, providing over 70 million liters of hot water a day. The temperature of the waters is between 22degC and 40degC. *El Tatio: El Tatio is a geyser field located within the Andes Mountains of northern Chile at 4,320 meters above sea level. With over 80 active geysers, the site is the largest geyser field in the southern hemisphere and the third largest in the world. It is a major tourist attraction in Chile and is among the highest-elevation geyser fields in the world. The temperature of the waters goes between 70degC and 85degC. *Hokkaido: Visitors to the Japanese island of Hokkaido have plenty of options. These range from top resorts with thermal baths like the Spa Resort Hawaiians to small traditional inns that have their own small hot pools with water temperature comfortable to skin. Some bathing spots are outdoors and are not associated with any spa or inn. The classic forest and mountain landscapes of this nature-rich island make it a great choice for those seeking a science setting for their baths.", "qas": [{"question": "Which site of the spring has the greatest gap of water temperature?", "id": "0fe6a9f8ce27439aaccd8fb02d6602cc", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Experts do not really know when people began keepi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Experts do not really know when people began keeping fish as pets. But they say that people have been interested in fish for thousands of years. Some say the ancient Sumerians were the first civilization to keep fish in ponds more than four thousand years ago. The Chinese kept and studied carp and goldfish more than one thousand years ago. The ancient Romans kept eels as pets. And the Greek philosopher Aristotle made what is believed to be the first known study of sea life, including sharks and dolphins. Keeping fish at home in small water tanks called _ is extremely popular today. And everyone seems to enjoy visiting huge public aquariums that have opened around the world. By the middle of the eighteen hundreds, science had shown that plants, fish and other sea creatures could survive together under water. So it was no longer necessary to change the water in a tank for the fish to live there. This led to the building of the first public aquariums. The first aquariums opened in London, England in 1853. in the next fifteen years, other aquariums opened in Europe and the United States. By 1928, there were about forty-five public aquariums. The Monterey Bay Aquarium has been recognized as the first aquarium in the United States and it shows visitors the underwater life in the bay. The Georgia Aquarium opening in 2005 says it is the largest in the world. It has more than one hundred thousand sea animals in thirty million liters of water including two whale sharks---the world's largest fish. Another aquarium re-opened in 2005 in Camden, New Jersey. The Adventure Aquarium first opened in 1992. It spent about fifty million dollars expanding its building and improving its exhibits. Aquariums provide the public with many chances to experience life under the sea. They can be found in most areas of the world. People might even want to start an aquarium at home and join the millions of people around the world who keep fish as pets.", "qas": [{"question": "Which aquarium opened again after its rebuilding ?", "id": "77cd802f9e634ef6a0b2ba36ccc8c1a7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "New Zealand has long been mountain hike mad. Over ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "New Zealand has long been mountain hike mad. Over the last 25 years an increasing number of dedicated cycle tracks and parks have sprung up in both town and country, many developed by bike clubs and other community groups. Recreational cycling was already on a roll, when in 2009 a 50 million New Zealand dollar government fund was established to create a continuous touring route running the length of the country, supported al a grass roots level by an additional 50 million New Zealand dollars offered up by councils and focal organizations. It soon became apparent, however, that building one continuous route across the two islands was not only too ambitious, hut it also would bypass many of the most remote and interesting corners of the country. Restoring and extending historic pathways made more sense, enabling cyclists to visit fascinating historic and cultural sites while seeing natural wonders along the way, and inspiring both locals and people from overseas to ride them. The first sod of the new trails was turned by Prime Minister John Key in late 2(X)9. Since then, armed will machetes, shovels and diggers, some of the world's hest single-track designers and builders have bush-bashed, benched. sidled and switch-hacked their way through a diverse range of terrain . By the encl of 2012, 10 0f the 20 trails were open to riders, with the remainder scheduled for completion by the end of 2,013.The 2,340 km network will be even further extended by already-established trails, such as the famous 71 km Queen Charlotte Track that goes through the Marlborough Sounds al the top of the South Island.", "qas": [{"question": "Who first started the building work of the new trails?", "id": "ba120d0c39014aa9ad1bb7608f299d2d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Amy Pankratz spent a few nights in the hospital wi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Amy Pankratz spent a few nights in the hospital with her daughter, Isabella, who caught a bad flu. \"Lying in bed beside Isabella, I could hear the cries of children in pain, \"says Amy. \"It completely broke my heart.\" When Isabella was getting well and could leave her room, she wore her prized possession--a \"superhero cape \" Amy had sewn to encourage her--and walked into the hallway. The pink cape was an instant hit with the other young patients, who were doing exercise around the nursing station. \"Then, all the kidswere taking turns wearing the cape, giggling, \"Amy says. \"These were some of the same children I had heard crying the night before, and here they were playing and having fun--kids just being kids!\" From that moment on, Amy began making Comfort Capes for little ones battling with serious illnesses. \"I felt God presenting an opportunity, \"she says. \"I hoped Comfort Capes can help these kids feel brave, to lift some of the fear away. \" Since then, Amy has made and donated more than 5, 000 capes in the United States. Amy usually pays for materials herself, although she accepts donations. The capes she makes for kids in treatment are different from those her own children have. Before Amy starts to sew she learns what image or character the little boy or girl connects with. \"I choose the pattern, color and theme specially for each child,\" explains Amy. When she is not sewing, Amy is raising awareness of childhood cancers and looking into ways to get Comfort Capes to more kids who need them, \"If a cape can help a child, even only for a moment, forget his illness, it's worth the time spent sewing,\" she says.", "qas": [{"question": "What made Amy feel sad when she was staying with her daughter in the hospital?", "id": "183d30b4f3bc4e45979b29081049946b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Most people today think of chocolate as something ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Most people today think of chocolate as something sweet to eat or drink and can be easily found in stores around the world. It might surprise you that chocolate was once highly treasured. The wealthy people of Spain first enjoyed a sweetened chocolate drink. Later, the popularity of the drink spread throughout Europe. Chocolate remained a drink that only wealthy people could afford to drink until the eighteenth century. During the period known as the Industrial Revolution, new technologies helped make chocolate less costly to produce. Farmers grow cacao trees in many countries in Africa, Central and South America, but these trees are difficult to grow. They require an exact amount of water, warmth, soil and protection. After about five years, cacao trees start producing large fruits called pods, which grow near the trunk of the tree. The seeds inside these pods are harvested to make chocolate. Growing cacao is very hard work for farmers. Today, chocolate industry officials, activists, and scientists are working with farmers. They are trying to make sure that cacao can be grown in a way that is easy for the farmers and safe for the environment. The market value of the yearly cacao crop around the world is more than five billion dollars. Chocolate is especially popular in Europe and the United States. Each year, Americans eat an average of more than 5 kilograms of chocolate per person. Specialty shops that sell costly chocolate are also very popular. Many offer chocolate lovers the chance to taste chocolate grown in different areas of the world.", "qas": [{"question": "What made it possible to produce chocolate inexpensively?", "id": "2f6ad55549d942ea9b4aab53ddb99f1d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Five boys are suspected of starting a fire that de", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Five boys are suspected of starting a fire that destroyed their school on the eve of the new term. Police said yesterday that five boys -- one aged 11, two 12-year-olds, one aged 13 and one 15 -- arrested on suspicion of starting the fire had been released until later this month. Parents said the five pupils all attended St Mary's. Pupils witnessed their schoolwork being destroyed in the fire at Leyland St Mary's Catholic Technology College in Lancashire. The 1950s science block was reduced to the ground in Sunday's fire, which created clouds of smoke visible for miles. It is reported that the library and sports hall were also destroyed beyond repair. Strong winds and a shortage of water prevented 125 firemen trying to bring it under control. Firefighters were expected to remain at the scene until late this afternoon. Staffs were due to attend the school yesterday for an inset day, and pupils pupils were to return for lessons after the holidays today. St Mary's head teacher Kathy McNicholas fought back the tears as she watched her school go up in flames last night. She said, \"This is so upsetting to watch. It's heartbreaking. It's very _ for the staff and the children. Everyone had been looking forward to coming back for the new school year.\" Finding somewhere around 730 children won't be easy. A few of the staff have turned up to see if there is anything they can do and they have all been shocked and saddened by what has happened. \"It's tragic because we have only just had a lot of refreshment work done to the school during the summer break. It was a big investment. The community around here very much looks after its school.\" Plans were being drawn up to provide alternative classrooms for 730 children, with parents warned to keep them at home for at least the rest of the week.", "qas": [{"question": "Which part of St Mary's Catholic Technology College was burned to the ground in the fire?", "id": "392d071023414696a3e7a095d75fb1a2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Athens will welcome the 2004 Olympic Games with op", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Athens will welcome the 2004 Olympic Games with open arms. Not only will the Games be returning to their birthplace, but they'll also be entering a new period of Olympic history. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has been looking for ways to make the world's largest sporting event a bit smaller and easier for cities to host. Mexico is the only Latin American nation to have hosted the Olympics. And the games have never been held in Africa. It costs well over$4 billion to host the Olympic Games. And this is stopping many poorer countries from trying to win the bid. Cities in Africa and Latin America, with great social and money problems, cannot even begin to make the bid. So, the IOC has suggested 117 ways to make the Games smaller and easier for cities across the world. These ideas are to be put into practice soon---maybe in time for the Beijing 2008 Olympics. The IOC wants to save up to $400 million. The suggestions include limiting the number of sports to 28 and the number of athletes to 10,500. \"Imagine a bus with 28 seats and some sports need to get off to give their places to other sports,\"said an IOC official. Sports that might not appear in the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games included baseball, softball and the modern pentathlon (shooting, fencing, horse, jumping, swimming and running). \"We think that the Olympic Games have to be made smaller, and the less costly so that they can be organized by all continents and subcontinents ,\"said IOC president Jacques Rogge. \"Our dream is that a continent such as Africa will be able to organize the Olympic Games.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What's the main idea of the passage?", "id": "f0993b90c64c4af3a8a71856f4369123", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Australia is the smallest continent in the world. ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Australia is the smallest continent in the world. It is a little smaller than China. It is on the Southern Hemisphere of the earth. Australia is big, but its population is small. The population of Australia is nearly as large as that of Shanghai. Enough laws have been made to fight against pollution. The cities in Australia have little air or water pollution. The sky is blue and the water is clean. You can clearly see fish in the rivers. Plants grow very well. Last month we visited Perth, the biggest city in Western Australia, and went to a wild flower _ . There we saw large numbers of wild flowers on show, most of which we had never seen before. We had a wonderful time. Perth is famous for its beautiful wild flowers. Every year in spring Perth has wild flower exhibitions. After visiting Perth, we spent a day in the countryside. We sat down and had a rest near a path at the foot of a hill. It was quiet and we enjoyed ourselves very much. When we heard bells ringing at the top of the hill, we looked up, but what we saw made us pick up all our things and run back to our car as quickly as we could. There were about three hundred sheep coming towards us along the path. Australia is famous for its sheep and kangaroos . After a short drive from any town, you will find yourself among the white sheep. Sheep, sheep, everywhere you can see sheep.", "qas": [{"question": "Which country is the writer most possibly from?", "id": "e47b18380df642a2927dde83a9c3305c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It's not the first movie to show the end of the wo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It's not the first movie to show the end of the world. But in the latest box office hit 2012 it is neither aliens nor a killer disease that threaten the human race, but climate change. Some say the film lacks good dialogue and its science is questionable, others believe German director Roland Emmerich makes up for these flaws in special effects. An earthquake destroys the White House and Yellow stone National Park ends up in flames. Emmerich borrows from the old Mayan story which says, that the world will end in 2012.He is being criticized for Internet rumors about doomsday \"There is no factual basis for these claims,'' NASA said on its website. \"Credible scientists worldwide know of no threat connected with 2012,'' it insisted. \"After all, our planet has been getting along just fine for more than 4 billion years, \" they added. According to the UK's Daily Telegraph, it was first thought that the disaster would happen in May 2003. When the world continued, supporters picked the last day of the Mayan calendar. \"Every culture has a myth of destruction , just as they have a myth of creation. These myths |of destruction tend to surface during times of crisis , \" Michael A. Ryan, an assistant profess of history,speaking to Purdue University News. Ryan studies apocalyptic themes from the Middle Ages at the US university. \"Today's current economic climate is a state of crisis for many people who are worried whether they can afford to feed themselves,\"he added.", "qas": [{"question": "What led to the end of the world according to the film 2012?", "id": "64e82b55bf1c4f2cbadd705671984c28", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Internet will overtake radio in 2008 and becom", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Internet will overtake radio in 2008 and become the world's fourth-largest advertising medium, a year earlier than forecast. Global spending on Internet advertising increased from 18.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2005 to 24.9 billion dollars last year, according to Zenith Optimedia, the media-buying agency. The Middle East and Asia are driving a boom in global advertising spending. Zenith predicted _ of 7.7% in spending in Asia in the run-up to the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. In the Middle East and Eastern Europe, advertising spending is growing faster than in North America and Western Europe, which are \"maturing rapidly\" as advertising markets, Zenith said. Advertising spending in the Middle East increased by 22.4% between 2005 and 2006, compared with growth of 5.2% in America and 4 per cent in Western Europe. Zenith attributed the huge percentage share in the Middle East to the growth in local economies and high oil prices. In addition to the Olympics, the U.S. presidential election and the European football championship in Austria and Switzerland next year will be the biggest contributors to overall growth during the next two years. However, Zenith noted, the market should brace itself for a fall in revenues after those big events end.", "qas": [{"question": "Which has enjoyed the fastest growth of advertising spending in the last year?", "id": "87aba746f3394e898af7970df53c89ca", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Think about the longest elevator ride that you've ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Think about the longest elevator ride that you've ever taken. Whether you rose five or 100 floors, it probably took less than a few minutes. Now imagine riding in an elevator higher and higher as it climbs for nearly a day. When you reach the top floor, prepare for views that are really out of this world. You'll be in space! Space elevators might sound like a crazy idea, but they're something scientists have been working on for decades. At the moment, riding in a capsule is the only way ordinary people can get to and from space. But those rides are very expensive---about $ 25 million per person per flight. Now scientists are making efforts to reduce the expense of those rides. Researchers are still figuring out the details about how a space elevator might work. One idea is stretching a very long cable -- more than 37,000 kilometers -- up to space from the earth's equator . Objects in space above the equator orbit (......) the earth at the same speed that our planet turns. A weight on the end of the cable would stretch it tight. An elevator tied to the cable could use _ to climb up and down. The only problem is that besides being long, this cable must also be very strong. Storms, including hurricanes might break it. One way to solve this problem is to stretch the cable from the moon instead of from the earth. Airplanes designed to climb higher than a typical jet might take off from the earth and link up with the cable, which would be held in place by the pull of gravity from the earth. An elevator car waiting there would then take riders the rest of the way to the moon. Fueled by solar power, the elevator could transport people and materials without much expense or effort per ride.", "qas": [{"question": "What may make the cable stay in place on the moon?", "id": "865eec0e7e5f4421b296ce647b1f3709", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Western artist R.V. (Ron) Jahns creates his unique", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Western artist R.V. (Ron) Jahns creates his unique western wildlife paintings by tapping into his vast experience of true life. He had rich western experiences out in the mountains in the great Northwest. Ron paints from the heart and his experience as a cowboy in the west. He has a particular passion for the mountains from Eastern Oregon to Alaska and draws from his many years of mountain adventures as inspiration for his western paintings. Born and raised on a farm, this cowboy artist is well knowledgeable with the subjects of his Western art. Ron struggles for historical accuracy in his western cowboy paintings when an artist gives a false description of the facts about cowboys in the west! Living in Alaska for 17 years added a new factor to Ron's western art. As a hunter and fisherman he observed the wildlife in its natural setting and has conveyed this spirit to his canvas. Ron's western art can be viewed throughout the United States, in Europe and through occasional private showings. You can find western wildlife paintings by Ron at various art shows throughout the year. For a list of art shows the Cowboy Artist will be attending, visit his Art Show page. Although a self-taught western artist, Ron himself has taught painting in colleges and through private lessons. Ron is quite a storyteller and the last of an old kind of cowboy poets and western storytellers. If you've met Ron at the Flea Markets in Sumpter, Oregon then you no doubt have already had a taste of his knack for telling tall tales and sharing his original cowboy poems of true life on the ranch.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the best title of the passage?", "id": "656595430d8147f495fb09afa96fe59d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Vending machines are found in 16% of U.S.elementar", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Vending machines are found in 16% of U.S.elementary schools, 52% of middle schools and 88% of high schools.About 22% of students in grades 1 through 12 buy food in vending machines each day--and those purchases added an average of 253 calories to their diets, according to a new study in the September issue of the Journal of School Health. Just to be clear, those were not 253 calories' worth of tofu, yogurt or carrot.The most popular vending machine items included soft drinks, candy, chips, crackers, cookies, cakes and ice cream.On the plus side , kids also bought low-fat milk, fruit juice and even fruit, the study found. But the eventual effect on kids' diets was not good.Those who bought from vending machines ate an average of 156 grams of sugar per day, compared with 146 grams for those who abstained .They also consumed less fiber, iron and vitamin B. _ Vending machine customers ate 4% less sodium than other students--an average of 3,287 milligrams per day compared with 3,436 mg for those who didn't buy from vending machines.That's probably because the extra snacks made kids too full to eat as much at mealtimes, when dishes are especially Salty.In any event, kids should eat no more than 1,200 to 1,500 mg of sodium each day, according to the Mayo Clinic.Even for adults, the government recommends a daily limit of 2,300 mg. Overall, vending machines in school appear to be a threat to children's health.The researchers calculated that all that snacking adds up to about14 extra pounds per child per school year.For some students this might be a serious contributor to weight issues.The study was based on data collected from 2,309 children nationwide for the third School Nutrition Dietary Assessment Study, which was conducted by the U.S.Department of Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Service.", "qas": [{"question": "The students using vending machines take in less of all the following EXCEPT .", "id": "040606540ef545248ac828d9e1f46c3a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The days of the sneak thief who stole a couple of ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The days of the sneak thief who stole a couple of apples or a packet of sweets from a chain store are actually over. I had a chance to say this to a young offender the other day, \"Sweets from a chain store?\" He said, \"You must be joking. That's what kids do.\" I may add that he was aged 11. In other words, today's young criminals would find it laughable to risk being caught for petty theft of this description. They've got enough money in their pockets to buy the sweets they want, anyway. I think it's all too easy to put the blame on anyone but ourselves. Faced as they are with a society that frequently gives them up on the grounds of color1, race or low learning ability, these children turn to crime as a means of showing off their self-respect. Nurtured on films and TV glamorizing the role of the criminal, they are quick to copy these anti-heroes. It is a matter of increasing concern to the police and government that the Children and Young Persons Act, 1969, is becoming improper to deal with the rise in young criminals. Because the emphasis has been placed on the cause and gentle treatment of their crimes, rather than on old-fashioned methods of punishment, the children themselves know well that there is very little that can be done to prevent them continuing to steal, damage and in some case even cause the death of those they choose to terrorize . I don't like the look of this situation any more than you do. In our own interests and in those of our children and grandchildren, we cannot continue to take the \"it's nothing to do with me\" attitude we have used for so long. We must unite in a common demand for harder and stricter methods against these young criminals.", "qas": [{"question": "In the writer's opinion, who should be blamed most?", "id": "aee2fe2c2df7496da4a84096ba3de5e7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Once in a blue moon, there is one on New Year's Ev", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Once in a blue moon, there is one on New Year's Eve. Revelers ringing in 2010 will be treated to a so-called blue moon. According to popular definition, a blue moon is the second full moon in a month. But don't expect it to be blue - the name has nothing to do with the color of our closest celestial neighbor. A full moon occurred on December 2. It will appear again on Thursday in time for the New Year's countdown. The New Year's Eve blue moon will be visible in the United States, Canada, Europe, South America and Africa. For partygoers in Australia and Asia, the full moon does not show up until New Year's Day, making January a blue moon month for them. A full moon occurs every 29.5 days, and most years have 12. On average, an extra full moon in a month - a blue moon - occurs every 2.5 years. The last time there was a lunar double take was in May 2007. New Year's Eve blue moons are rarer, occurring every 19 years. The last time was in 1990; the next one won't come again until 2028. \"Blue moons have no astronomical significance,\" said Greg Laughlin, an astronomer at the University of California. \"`Blue moon' is just a name in the same sense as a `hunter's moon'(a full moon in octorber) or a `harvest moon,'\" Laughlin said in an e-mail. The popular definition of blue moon came about after a writer for Sky & Telescope magazine in 1946 misinterpreted the Maine Farmer's Almanac and labeled a blue moon as the second full moon in a month. In fact, the almanac defined a blue moon as the third full moon in a season with four full moons.", "qas": [{"question": "Which full moon should be called blue moon according to the original definition?", "id": "667859f9308442599726fb4cfed4611f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Asia has many wild places. The following national ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Asia has many wild places. The following national parks are among the most famous in Asia. People come to visit them from near and far in order to appreciate the unique qualities of the land and everything on it. Have you ever visited any of these Asian national parks? Jiuzhai Valley National Park, China The extraordinarily beautiful park is famous for its fascinating blue-green lakes, waterfalls and its unique wildlife. Located in the Minshan Mountain, Sichuan Province, it is a breathtaking park because of its scenery and it is also home to nine Tibetan villages, over 220 bird species as well as a number of endangered animals and plants, such as giant pandas, Sichuan golden monkeys and numerous _ . This park was also declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1992. Khao Sok National Park, Thailand This extraordinary park is several miles away from Phuket , yet its remoteness prevents it from being visited. Even so, it is well worth a visit as scientists have noted that is rainforest stretches are not only longer than those of the Amazon, but also more divers . Animals like tigers, Asian elephants, and macaaues make their home here. Everyone who visits the park, however, seems to want to have a look at the amazing Rafflesia, one of the strangest flowering plants on earth; it smells like smelly meat when it blooms. Nikko National Park, Japan It is lovely to visit this park all the year round with its waterfalls and picturesque Lake Chuzenji. And it is especially worth visiting in autumn when the leaves change from green to deep red and orange. Set with UNESCO protected shrines and temples, the park is a unique mixture of natural and man-made attractions. With various routes perfect for adventurous hikers, a visit to the Nikko National Park is not to be missed. If you want to know more information about Asian famous national parks, you can log in http://www.travel.Amerikanki.com. If you want to enjoy all the above, welcome to call 050-24689120, and we can give a reasonable price.", "qas": [{"question": "If you're an adventurous hiker, which park would you probably choose to visit?", "id": "59041202e1424565a7cc0a8e93ca2c3f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I've loved my mother's desk since I was just tall ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I've loved my mother's desk since I was just tall enough to sit above the top of it. Mother sat writing letters. Standing by her chair, looking at the ink bottle, pens, and white paper, I decided that the act of writing must be a most wonderful thing in the world. Years later, during her final illness, Mother kept different things for my sister and brother. \"But the desk,\" she said again, \"is for Elizabeth.\" I never saw her angry, never saw her cry. I knew she loved me; she showed in action. But as a young girl. I wanted to have heart-to-heart talks between mother and daughter. They never happened. And a gulf opened between us. I was \"too emotional \". But she lived \"on the surface \". As years passed and I had my own family. I loved my mother and thanked her for our happy family. I wrote to her in careful words and asked her to let me know in any way she chose that she did forgive me. My hope turned to disappointment, then little interest and, finally, peace - it seemed that nothing happened. I couldn't be sure that the letter had even got to Mother. I only knew that I had written it, and I could stop trying to make her into someone she was not. But the present of her desk told me, as she'd never been able to, that she was pleased that writing was my chosen work. I cleaned the desk carefully and found some papers inside - a photo of my father and a one-paper letter, folded and refolded many times. It was my letter. \"In any way you choose, Mother, you always chose the act that speaks louder than words.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What's best title of the passage?", "id": "32315ac63dff43e9827d96f55a4a9343", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Teaching and research are supported by the Univers", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Teaching and research are supported by the University's extensive collections--the Yale University Art Gallery, the Yale Center for British Art, the Peabody Museum of Natural History, and the Collection of Musical Instruments. All the collections are open to the public. Yale University Art Gallery The Yale University Art Gallery, founded in 1832, today houses a collection that has grown to rank with those of the major public art museums in the United States. Its two connected buildings house ancient, medieval, and Renaissance art, Near and Far Eastern art, archaeological material from the University's excavations , Pre-Columbian and African art, works of European and American masters from actually every period, and a rich collection of modern art. Across the street, the Yale Center for British Art, which was opened in 1977, holds the largest collection of British art and illustrated books anywhere outside the United Kingdom. Peabody Museum of Natural History Yale's Peabody Museum of Natural History, founded in 1866, contains one of the great scientific collections in North America. Among its holdings are the University's comprehensive mineralogical and ornithological collections, the second-largest repository of dinosaur artifacts in the United States, and the largest undamaged Apatosaurus (Brontosaurus ) in the world. The Peabody is truly a working museum, where public exhibition, research, conservation, teaching, and learning intersect . Yale Center for British Art Institutions like the Art Gallery, the Center for British Art, and the Peabody Museum hold only a portion of the treasures in the University's collections. From paintings by Picasso, to pterodactyl remains, to a 1689 tenor viol in the Collection of Musical Instruments, Yale's possessions are meant to be accessible to the communities they enrich. Collection of Musical Instruments Exhibitions are also frequently mounted at the following venues on campus: Art + Architecture Gallery (School of Architecture), Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Green Hall Gallery (School of Art), and Sterling Memorial Library, including the Arts of the Book Collection.", "qas": [{"question": "Where will you go if you want to enjoy dinosaur artifacts?", "id": "7653374566cc457985ca9c0c2bedbcc0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It takes two to duet , and one question for scient", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It takes two to duet , and one question for scientists is how these coordinated performances arise -- in birds. Are they the result of cooperation, a way in which one pair signals to others that they've got it together? Or are they the result of conflict, evolving to avoid one partner's song interfering with the other's? A study of duetting in Peruvian warbling antbirds suggests that it might be a little of both, and that context is everything. Joseph A. Tobias and Nathalie Seddon of the University of Oxford show in Current Biology that sexual conflict can cause the female of a pair that normally cooperates to \"jam\" the male's song by singing over it. The researchers exposed antbird pairs to recorded songs of other antbirds and monitored the songs the pairs produced. In one experiment, they played the songs of an intruding pair. In this case, the resident pair \"both are likely to lose their territory, so both should cooperate,\" Dr. Tobias said. And they do. They produce a coordinated duet that in effect tells the intruders to keep away. But when the researchers played the song of a single female, the pair behaved differently. \"You'd expect the resident female to be highly motivated to defend her position in the partnership,\" Dr. Tobias said. And that's what occurs. The male sings its heart out, flirting with the single female, and the female of the pair does its best to interfere with the song by singing over it, apparently to make her mate less attractive to the other female. \"It's clear that the male doesn't like what she's doing,\" Dr. Tobias said. The behavior \"breaks up what is otherwise a very cooperative situation into a more complicated signal,\" he added. It's the first evidence of this kind of signal jamming among pairs, Dr. Tobias said. And in that it leads the male to alter its song to avoid the female's interfering notes, it shows that this kind of conflict could, over a long period, drive the evolution of coordinated song.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the key factor of antbirds' duet?", "id": "844fde4701bc4f52b16d9dfdfa2b6cec", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "SAN FRANCISCO--The \"Reading Wizard\", an 11 - year ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "SAN FRANCISCO--The \"Reading Wizard\", an 11 - year - old - boy, whose offer to read to children without being paid at a local library was refused by libraries, will get to read to younger kids after all. Mayor Willie Brown last Wednesday ordered San Francisco Public Library officials to allow John O'Connor to read to preschool children to get them interested in books and stop them from watching television and video games. \"I didn't expect this kind of attention. \" John said, \"It's just shocking.\" John has chosen his first book, \"The King's Giraffe\", and made up fliers inviting neighborhood children, aged from three to six, to the Presidio Branch every Wednesday afternoon. He planned to call himself the \"Reading Wizard\" and wear a special hat, fake glasses and a black coat. But his idea was refused - on the phone, in person and finally with a letter from Toni Bernardi, the chief of the library's children and youth services. Using terms like \"age appropriate material\" ,she wrote that only library workers are allowed to read to children. John then went to a member of the city board of supervisors , who advised him to write letters to the library officials. \"Our libraries are supposed to turn kids on, not to turn them off.\" Brown said he enjoyed \"the creative idea, the sense of civic duty and the caring for others that John clearly showed us.\"", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the \"Reading Wizard\"?", "id": "0695b9e0b457409d9c3949e40618de00", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"We don't necessarily believe that new advertising", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"We don't necessarily believe that new advertising, which might make consumers feel better about the Coke brand or better about the ads themselves , will actually result in consumers consuming more of the product,\" Morgan Stanley's Bill Pecoriello wrote in a research note the days after the investor meeting . But Coke is optimistic it can regain its old magic, and is banking on a new slogan: \"Welcome to the Coke side of life.\" BREAK THROUGH HIT? With PepsiCo about to surpass Coke as the beverage king on Wall Street--Pepsi's market capitalization has _ in recent years to $97.9 billion, putting it less than a billion dollars behind its rival--the heat is on Coke . It's set to launch a new marketing campaign in March, 2006. And having taken a quick look at Coke's investor presentation on Dec. 7 in New York, my sense is that Coke may be moving in the right direction . Given the continued shift by consumers away from soda--Coke's stronghold --and into alternative beverages like juice, tea, and water, Coke badly needs a breakthrough hit. And given that shift away from soda, some analyists wonder whether even the catchiest new ads will be enough to put the fizz back into Coke. SAME OLD, UPDATED? The new flavors of PowerAde sports drink will probably enable Coke to continue stealing market share from PepsiCo's Gatorade brand. And Coke is getting a little more creative with packaging, including new, aluminum bottles of Coke that will be sold in nightclubs, and an 8.4-ounce \"100 calorie\" version of its flagship Coke that will appeal to women who want fewer calories and will like the fact that the small can will fit in their purse. I doubt whether other new products will be successful, including a new coffee-flavored soda called Coke-Cola Black that I tried. Think carbonated coffee. But I'm not sure if the product, which Coke is pitching as an afternoon pick-me-up for the 35-and-over set, is going to pull people away from their afternoon Frappucino fix. And my opinion is that Vault, an orange-flavored energy drink, will have just as much trouble unseating Mountain Dew among teens as did Coke's last attempt, a product called Surge. If there is one concern I have about the fresh offerings Coke plans to launch this year, it appears that many of them are simply new brands, not new products.", "qas": [{"question": "When the middle-aged people feel tired, what would they prefer to drink in order to continue their work?", "id": "c37087e5d9b84a6b996efe420f403cbd", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "While most teachers enjoy the summer break from wo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "While most teachers enjoy the summer break from work, other teachers try to find part-time work during that time. If you're one of those teachers who are finding part-time work during the summer, writing for children might be the right job you're looking for. During the school year, you're very familiar with children in your classroom. That means you know what children think about, how they talk and how they act. If you read stories and books for children with your students during the school year, you also know the kinds of story that children are fond of. As a teacher, you can go to the school library and find out what kinds of books students are most interested in. Also, what kinds of books seem to be in short supply? Use this information to create stories and novels. If you continue writing for children during the school year, you won't have enough time to write as much while you're teaching, but you can probably manage to work on at least one short story for children each month. Even if you don't finish these pieces during the school year, when school ends for the summer you will have lots of writing projects to finish and hand in to editors . Recently, many teachers have turned to writing for children as a part-time job. If you enjoy writing as much as you enjoy teaching, then writing for children might be the second job for you, too.", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the passage probably written for?", "id": "f03d865316d94bb29c366341c10e2fbc", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"To be or not to be\".Outside the Bible, these six ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"To be or not to be\".Outside the Bible, these six words are the most famous in all the literature of the world.They were spoken by Hamlet when he was thinking aloud, and they are the most famous words in Shakespeare because Hamlet was speaking not only for himself but for every thinking man and woman.To be or not to be----to live or not to live, to live richly and abundantly and eagerly, or to live dully and meanly and scarcely.A philosopher once wanted to know whether he was alive or not, which is a good question for everyone to put to himself occasionally.He answered it by saying, \"I think, therefore I am.\" But the best definition of existence I ever saw was one written by another philosopher who said, \"To be is to be in relations.\" If this is true, then the more relations a living thing has, the more it is alive.To live abundantly means simply to increase the range and intensity of our relations.Unfortunately, we are so constituted that we get to love our routine.But other than our regular occupation, how much are we alive? If you are interested only in your regular occupation, you are alive only to that extent.So far as other things are concerned----poetry and prose, music, pictures, sports unselfish friendships, politics, international affairs----you are dead. On the contrary, it is true that every time you acquire a new interest----even more, a new accomplishment----you increase your power of life.No one who is deeply interested in different kinds of subjects can remain unhappy.The real is the person who has lost interest. Bacon said that a man dies as often as he loses a friend.But we gain new life by contacts with new friends, and new ideas and thoughts, too.Where your thoughts are, there will be your life also.If your thoughts are limited only to your business, only to your physical welfare, only to your narrow circle of the town in which you live, then you live in a narrow restricted life.But if you are interested in the characters of a good novel, then you are living with those highly interested people; if you listen intently to fine music, you are always away from immediate surroundings and living in a world of passion and imagination. To be or not to be ---- to live intensely and richly, or merely to exist, that depends on ourselves.Let us widen and intensify our relations.While we live, let us live.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the main idea of the passage?", "id": "621de7543a8445469c1ebf927a623135", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Vivi Mac, an amazing artist from France, can use n", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Vivi Mac, an amazing artist from France, can use nearly any kind of food to create detailed celebrity portraits .Although she has yet to _ her short-lived work of arts in a proper art gallery, Vivi Mac has already made a name for herself online. We've seen some amazing food artists in the past, but none are quite like this one .Karen Eland is a master coffee painter, Elisabetta Rogai uses wine as her medium ,Kelly McCollam uses food colouring to recreat classic paintings, but the self-taught Vivi Mac can take anything from chewing gum to milk and turn it into a fantastic portrait When working with liquids, Mac uses a simple plastic straw and her hands to guide the unusual .mediums around a plastic plate which acts as a painting. Just how she manages to capture the finest facial features is still a mistery to me, and I've seen videos of her doing it many times, Vivi Mac has never attended art school. She only used online resources like blogs and facebook to learn the basics of drawing and painting. She started out working with pens and paper, but soon realized drawing wasn't just creative enough for her. She got into speed painting and body painting, posting videos of her works on You Tube, but it wasn't until she began experimenting with different kinds of foods that her art got serious coverage. Photos and videos of her eatable celebrity portraits, like Bruce Lee in milk Ice Cube in crushed ice or Amy Winehouse in wine, became popular on the French inter-webs and changed Vivi Mac into an online celebrity.", "qas": [{"question": "In which section of a website are we most likely to find the passage?", "id": "df999aa0c2af4e83bad73657f31251cf", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "As a boy growing up in India, I had longed to trav", "paragraphs": [{"context": "As a boy growing up in India, I had longed to travel abroad. I used to listen to the stories my father would tell me about his stay in Canada and tours to Europe in the 1970s, with great interest. My big moment finally came in the summer of 1998 when I was able to accompany my parents to Europe, where my father was to attend a meeting. We planned to travel to Belgium, Netherlands and West Germany. I have clear memories even today of going to Mumbai airport at night all excited about finally going abroad. I had heard several great things about Lufthansa till then but now I finally got to experience them first hand, during the flight to Frankfurt. We flew business class and even today I can remember the excellent service by the Lufthansa crew . The flight was really smooth and thoroughly enjoyable, even for someone like me, who is especially afraid of flying. After spending almost two weeks in Europe, we took the Lufthansa airport express from Dusseldorf to Frankfurt airport, for our return flight. What a journey that was! All along the Rhine , it was simply an unforgettable experience. I had a sombre feeling on the flight back to Mumbai as it marked the end of a wonderful vacation, but the Lufthansa crew members were able to change it into a most enjoyable experience yet again, with the quality of their service. Being the first airline to take me abroad, Lufthansa will always hold a special place in my heart. Even today,I continue to enjoy flights on Lufthansa and simply cannot dream of choosing any other airline. Flying, in general,for me,has always been a terrible and painful experience.Flying on Lufthansa,however, is something I always have and always will look forward to. ks5u", "qas": [{"question": "Which country does the author live in now?", "id": "3c64823888874e2a8c9831cbaae95e34", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Fear and its companion pain are two of the most us", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Fear and its companion pain are two of the most useful things that men and animals possess, if they are properly used. If fire did not hurt when it burnt, children would play with it until their hands were burnt away. Similarly, if pain existed but fear didn't, a child would burn himself or herself again and again, because fear would not warn himself or herself to keep away from the fire that had burnt himself or herself before. A really fearless soldier--and some do exist, is not a good soldier because he is soon killed; and a dead soldier is of no use to his army. Fear and pain are therefore two guards without which men and animals might soon die out. In our first sentence we suggested that fear should be properly used. If, for example, you never go out of your house because of the danger of being knocked down and killed in the street by a car, you are letting fear rule you too much. Even in your house you are not absolutely safe: an aeroplane may crash on your house, or ants may eat away some of the beams in your roof so that the latter falls on you, or you may get cancer! The important thing is not to let fear rule you, but instead to use fear as your servant and guide. Fear will warn you of dangers; then you have to decide what action to take. In many cases, you can take quick and successful action to avoid the danger. For example, you see a car coming straight towards you. Fear warns you, you jump out of the way, and all is well. In some cases, however, you decide that there is nothing that you can do to avoid the danger. For example, you can't prevent an aeroplane crashing onto your house. In this case, fear has given you its warning; you have examined it and decided on your course of action, so fear of this particular danger is no longer of any use to you, and you have to try to overcome it.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the writer's suggestion when the danger can't be avoided?", "id": "c0a9bb2eb5db46af94a95aa2677665b9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"When I grow up, I want to be...\" Almost all of us", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"When I grow up, I want to be...\" Almost all of us have thought about, or been asked to think about, our future careers. Our answers may differ greatly. Even now your aspirations may have changed from when you were in primary school. However, it seems career options aren't only based on personal taste. In a survey carried out by Teens, doctors, lawyers, and bankers were some of most popular careers that people said they hoped to follow. This is in line with a similar survey carried out in the UK in May 2011 by job website monster. Co.uk, in which medicine was the top choice among UK teenagers aged between 13 and 17. Medicine and law are two of the oldest and best known professions. Their prestige may come from the fact that doctors and lawyers are some of the most esteemed members of society, and they make good money. Joining these high-profile professions is often seen as a sign of upward social mobility. It is equally unsurprising that banking is now one of the most common career choices. Youngsters worldwide think of banking and see the money rolling in. Wealth is increasingly becoming one of the most important indicators of a successful career. British young men list the UK tycoon Alan Sugar, Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg as their top role models \"for their wealth\". Just as Chinese teenagers see being a banker as a good and fun pathway to \"wealth\". However, not every child has the makings of doctor, lawyer, or banker. They are those who see fulfillment and happiness in other areas, and many teenagers dare to ink more individuality into their career options. As the Teens' survey discovered, a variety of unconventional jobs---coffee shop owner, gourmet ,waiter at a fast food restaurant---are among teenagers' career choices. They can be equally interesting and rewarding jobs. With every choice comes responsibility and challenge, and all career paths require specific education and training, you have to learn to balance optimism and confidence with being realistic about your particular talents and skills.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the top career choice among UK teenagers aged between 13 and 17 according to the article?", "id": "28645e1a028c4c88a975b8ed099a0760", "answers": []}, {"question": "What do youngsters think is increasingly becoming one of the most important indicators of a successful career?", "id": "4d30303a05944628a0fb5dc61b4dc575", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Experience the Colorado River the Hualapai Way! Ri", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Experience the Colorado River the Hualapai Way! River Runners offers the ONLY One Day Whitewater trip ANYWHERE at the GRAND CANYOU! Since1973,Hualapai River Runners has been conducting whitewater rafting journey to the Colorado River. Our experienced guides expertly sail along the river and share the history of the Canyon and the Hualapai people with you. Visitors experience the excitement of whitewater rapids and then stop to enjoy the impressive beauty of Travertine Falls and a tasty lunch.No charge for children 2 years and under. One-Day Trip Retail$249.00+$79.00(helicopter and round-trip ground transportation) Whitewater rafting tours begin in Peach Springs.Hualapai River Runners transports you to Diamond Creek, which is the starting point for the 37 mile rafting tour. Lunch is included and upon arrival at the rafting tour termination point ,fly out of the Grand Canyon by helicopter to Grand Canyon West. Two-Day Trip Retail$549.00+$79.00(helicopter and round-trip ground transportation) Two-day rafting trips with one night on the Colorado River. All supplies and meals are included. Two days in the Grand Canyon,on the Colorado River allows more time to explore one of the Seven Wonders of the World. Tours Include: *Round-trip transportation from Peach Springs to the starting point and from the termination point back to Peach Springs. *Snack, drinks and lunch(vegetarian meals available upon request) *Waterproof dry bags for storing your cameras, sunscreen, dry clothes, etc. *The helicopter part of transportation is weather permitting. If the helicopter transportation is cancelled because of bad weather, the raft will continue an additional two hours to South Cove and a maximum $20.00 per customer will be given back. Special Website booking rate 15% off rafting in April 2010. So book now! Call us Toll Free Today! Tel: 1-888-868-9378", "qas": [{"question": "Where do whitewater rafting tours start?", "id": "cfd2b559c20f4d04b64976832fea28a5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Melissa and Roman McCoy were looking forward to th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Melissa and Roman McCoy were looking forward to the Christmas. But on December 5th, Roman got a phone call that changed everything. Melissa had been in a terrible car accident, and the doctor had little hope she would make it. \"He said the next six to eight hours were critical in determining whether she would live or not. And I just wept,\" Roman said. \"A lot of pressure built up inside, and I just dropped my cell phone on the ground when I heard that. It was the worst feeling that I've ever felt.\" Melissa, a college English professor, was on her way to class when her car hit into a mound of dirt and rolled over several times. Roman recalled, \"I could only think how I am going to raise my kids without their mother. If she did live, how would I take care of her and my kids? The questions you never want to ask yourself, I had to face.\" Melissa survived the first night. She had injuries to her stomach and lungs and worse, she suffered severe injuries to her brain. She didn't recognize anyone, even her own husband. \"Over the next few days, she remained unresponsive to treatments. The brain surgeon never really gave us much hope.\" Days passed and Melissa didn't improve. Christmas Eve, Roman was by her side in the hospital. Then, he received a Christmas gift he would never forget. \"That evening, she woke up and was just as clear as before, recognized everybody, and was able to read. It was just amazing. I saw her bright smile and her sense of humor. The only way I could describe it is that the weight of the darkness that had hovered over me was just completely gone.\" Melissa quickly improved, and she is back to being a wife, mom, and professor. There is no sign of damage from the brain. Melissa said, \"I thank him for everything now. It's not just 'thank you for my job, thank you for my children.' It's 'thank you for every aspect of my life.'\"", "qas": [{"question": "The worst injuries that Melissa had were to her     .", "id": "f16f9998b9624cef91c98fdc84b6c87f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Everywhere man is altering the balance of nature.H", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Everywhere man is altering the balance of nature.He is facilitating the spread of plants and animals into new regions, sometimes deliberately, sometimes unconsciously.He is covering huge areas with new kinds of plants, or with houses, factories, slag-heaps and other products of his civilization.He exterminates some species on a large scale, but favours the multiplication of others.In brief, he has done more in five thousand years to alter the biological aspect of the planet than has nature in five million. Many of these changes which he has brought about have had unforeseen consequences.Who would have thought that the throwing away of a piece of Canadian waterweed would have caused half the waterways of Britain to be blocked for a decade, or that the provision of pot cacti for lonely settlers' wives would have led to Eastern Australian being overrun with forests of Prickly Pear? Who would have prophesied that the cutting down of forests on the Adriatic coasts, or in parts of Central Africa, could have reduced the land to a semidesert, with the very soil washed away from the bare rock? Who would have thought that improved communications would have changed history by the spreading of disease-sleeping sickness into East Africa, measles into Oceania, very possibly malaria into ancient Greece? These are spectacular examples; but examples on a smaller scale are everywhere to be found.We make a nature sanctuary for rare birds, prescribing absolute security for all species; and we may find that some common and hardy kind of bird multiplies beyond measure and ousts the rare kinds in which we were particularly interested.We see, owing to some little change brought about by civilization, the starling spread over the English country-side in hordes.We improve the yielding capacities of our cattle; and find that now they exhaust the pastures which sufficed for less exigent stock.", "qas": [{"question": "What have spread diseases?", "id": "8b75b6b8097d4f7aae9c1ae8af9b5755", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "School leaders from around the country gathered at", "paragraphs": [{"context": "School leaders from around the country gathered at the White House on November 19 for\"Connected to the Future,\" a conference about digital technology in education.Connected is the Obama Government's five-year plan to support the growth of digital learning in schools.This growth includes equipping America's schools with high-speed broadband Internet . At the conference,President Barack Obama said the U.S.Department of Education is taking steps to help educators and school districts as they change to digital learning.The department created new guidelines to help schools work to improve their technological infrastructure .The guidelines are also designed to help schools choose the right digital devices and set up policies for their proper use. \"We have to do more to offer our children a world-class education,\"Obama told the crowd of school leaders.\"We have to improve our education level if we are going to make sure that every child in America can go as far as their dreams and talents will take them.\" According to Cecilia Muoz,director of the Domestic Policy Council,less than 40% of public schools in America have high-speed Internet access in their classrooms.She believes that Connected will make America a leader in using technology to educate students. Muoz mentioned the Mooresville school district as a success story.Mooresville provides each student in grades 3 through 12 with a device,and uses a mostly digital subject.Muoz said Mooresville now ranks third in test scores and second in graduation rates in the state. At the end of the president's speech,1,200 school leaders attending the event signed the Future Ready District Pledge on their iPads.It promises the education leaders to help develop a culture of learning through technology at their schools,and to support teachers and students in using technology. \"Every child deserves a chance at a world-class education,\"Obama added.\"That's what makes our nation great.\"", "qas": [{"question": "Who will take charge of putting the plan into practice?", "id": "7bcc77b2096a4589a22f6bfaafb6cc7e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The man sitting opposite Robert was the Financial ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The man sitting opposite Robert was the Financial Controller. Everybody called him \"the FC\" for short. He made all the decisions about money. Robert needed some more. That was why he had to see him. The two men did not get on very well. In fact, they had always disliked each other. \"Your request is out of the question,\" the FC said. Robert had difficulty in controlling himself, but he managed somehow. He explained that he wanted the money in order to make more programmes. \"And why do you want to do that?\" the FC asked sharply. Again, Robert almost lost his temper. \"Because more and more people are listening to my department's programmes. There's great demand for them,\" he answered. The FC did not seem to believe him. But Robert had a report on the numbers of listeners to all EBC programmes. The FC became less confident. Robert threw the report down on the table and told him to read it. The FC looked at it in silence. The figures proved that he had been wrong, but he did not want to admit it. \"Well,\" he finally said, \"I may have made a small mistake.\" Robert noticed the word \"may.\" He got up to leave. But he had the feeling that he would get the money after all.", "qas": [{"question": "Who do you think won the argument in the end?", "id": "e883700352414b12aaed9d438d62fb65", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "British author JK Rowling was at the release of he", "paragraphs": [{"context": "British author JK Rowling was at the release of her latest Harry Potter book called \"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows\" at the Natural History Museum in London, Friday July 20, 2007. J.K. Rowling has been spotted at cafes in Scotland working on a detective novel, a British newspaper reported Saturday. The Sunday Times newspaper quoted Ian Rankin, a fellow author and neighbor of Rowling's, as saying the creator of the \"Harry Potter\" books is turning to crime fiction. \"My wife spotted her writing her Edinburgh criminal detective novel,\" the newspaper quoted Rankin as telling a reporter at an Edinburgh literary festival. \"It is great that she has not abandoned writing or Edinburgh cafes,\" said Rankin, who is known for his own police novels set in the historic Scottish city. Rowling famously wrote initial drafts of the Potter story in the Scottish city's cafes. Back then, she was a struggling single mother who wrote in cafes to save on the heating bill at home. Now she's Britain's richest woman - worth $1 billion, according to Forbes magazine - and her seven Potter books have sold more than 335 million copies worldwide. In an interview with The Associated Press last month, Rowling said she believed she was unlikely to repeat the success of the Potter series, but confirmed she had plans to work on new books. \"I'll do exactly what I did with Harry - I'll write what I really want to write,\" Rowling said.", "qas": [{"question": "What is JK Rowling famous for?", "id": "88d38a6ba45f4186a06c61da10a9c560", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Officials in the Midwestern U. S. town of Joplin, ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Officials in the Midwestern U. S. town of Joplin, Missouri, say the death from Sundays' big tornado reaches 116 and that search efforts continue for possible survivors trapped in rubble . Search and rescue teams are conducting their third sweep through the nearly 10 kilometer - long and one - kilometer wide area of destruction left by the tornado. They are working as quickly as possible while weather conditions remain relatively stable. More storms are forecast for the area. Joplin Fire Chief Mitch Randles said there are areas with large piles of rubble that might hold survivors. \"We are still finding individuals. We did rescue seven individuals from underneath rubble yesterday and, of course, we are also finding dead folks as well.\" Said more folks and that is why we are doing these searches. We want to make every opportunity that we can to find everybody that is in the rubble and that has survived to this point.\" Randles said the current sweep involves a slower pace that previous searches and that he plans a fourth search, possibly on Wednesday, using specially trained dogs. \"We are searching every structure that has been damaged or destroyed in a more in-depth manner, \"he said.\" I have dogs and dog handlers coming from all over the country do help us in that effort.\" Joplin City Manager Mark Rohr said the Red Cross and other volunteer organizations are helping people who were left homeless by the tornado and that the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, is on hand to help. \"Joplin is a great city. We have suffered a great loss, \"said Rohr.\" We will recover and we will recover strongly and we have a lot of help and a lot of volunteers to make that easier.\" The tornado that struck Joplin was classified by the Natioonal Weather Service as an F - 4, with winds of more than 300 kilometers per hour. It lasted only 20 minutes, but it killed more that 100 people, injured more than 400 others, and destroyed or heavily damaged some 2,000 homes, businesses, churches and a hospital. Authorities have registered more than 1,700 calls about missing people and they hope to _ most of those cases soon, as victims are identified and survivors come forth and reunite with loved ones. This was the worst tornado to strike the United States in 60 years. It was the latest in a wave of violent storms that have swept Midwestern and southern states in recent weeks, leaving more than 300 people dead an causing more than $2 billion dollars in damage.", "qas": [{"question": "What kind of disaster  of this article is talking about?", "id": "ff85131ff8424d5aa142ba41833adb64", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Students across the country are finding ways, with", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Students across the country are finding ways, with the help of devoted teachers, to raise funds for causes near and dear to their hearts. While kids raise funds for bird habitats and heart health, they learn lessons that will help them succeed in school -- and in life. Feathered Friends To collect money for an important nature fund and use skills right out of a science textbook, The Branch School of West Houston, Texas, took to the fields and forests to find more than 45 species of birds in their Bird-A-Thon's largest annual fundraising event and the world's biggest bird watching competition. Teams earn pledges for each donation to benefit the 40-year-old Houston Audubon (houstonaudubon.org), a chapter of the National Audubon Society. The 24th Houston Audubon Bird-A-Thon raised over $56,000 to promote the conservation and appreciation of birds and wildlife habitat. Bonus: In identifying specific species, students learn about habitats, ecology, and preservation, all while getting exercise. Jump Rope for Heart This program has raised a lot of money for AHA (the American Heart Association). French Road Elementary of Rochester, New York, topped the 2012 list of participating schools in Jump Rope for Heart, a jump-rope-a-thon, with $67,432. A \"Wall of Honor\" stands at one end of the gym, each paper heart bearing the name of a patient for students to see as they jump in honor of that child. The program, organized by physical education teachers, earned pledges per jump. Bonus: Per jump pledges offer students practice with multiplication and money handling skills, with science and health, too!", "qas": [{"question": "What do \"Feathered Friends\" probably refer to?", "id": "56685a58b7ea4d6484f919aa9279cac7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "There are various ways in which individual economi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "There are various ways in which individual economic units can interact with one another. Three basic ways may be described as the market system, the administered system, and the traditional system. In a market system individual economic units are free to interact among each other in the marketplace. It is possible to buy commodities from other economic units or sell commodities to them. In a market, transactions may take place via barter or money exchange. In a barter economy, _ goods such as automobiles, shoes, and pizzas are traded against each other. Obviously, finding somebody who wants to trade my old car in exchange for a sailboat may not always be an easy task. Hence, the introduction of money as a medium of exchange eases transactions considerably. In the modern market economy, goods and services are bought or sold for money. An alternative to the market system is administrative control by some agency over all transactions. This agency will issue commands as to how much of each good and service should be produced, exchanged, and consumed by each economic unit. Central planning may be one way of administering such an economy. The central plan, drawn up by the government, shows the amounts of each commodity produced by the various firms and allocated to different households for consumption. This is an example of complete planning of production, consumption, and exchange for the whole economy. In a traditional society, production and consumption patterns are governed by tradition; every person's place within the economic system is fixed by parentage, religion, and custom. Transactions take place on the basis of tradition, too. People belonging to a certain group or caste may have an obligation to care for other persons, provide them with food and shelter, care for their health, and provide for their education. Clearly, in a system where every decision is made on the basis of tradition alone, progress may be difficult to achieve. An inactive society may result.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the passage, who has the greatest degree of control in the administered system?", "id": "474ee007d48340b5a37fa3a28d8075fb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "According to the Small Business Association, more ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "According to the Small Business Association, more than 50 percent of all small businesses fail within the first five years. This is not the case for Apiary Fund CEO, Shawn Lucas. Shawn has grown a very successful business focusing on teaching people how to trade foreign currencies. The Apiary Fund not only gives their traders some of the best Forex education possible but also gives their traders money to trade with. The Apiary Fund had a slow start but has now become a company that recently hit $1 billion in trader volume . The Apiary Fund's success has come from the great business concept, and work ethic . * Business Concept The Apiary Fund has a very special but effective business concept, which Shawn Lucas discovered many years ago. You are probably wondering, where did this business concept come from? Shawn, while working as a Financial Advisor, received a phone call one day from a man he hadn't ever spoken to before. The man asked Shawn to go with him to China to do an analysis of a Chinese company's trading systems. The company at the time was under investigation for a possible violation of intellectual property rights. He agreed to go and before he knew it he was on a plane to China. During the analysis of this Chinese company Shawn noticed the company had a very effective business method. He noticed that the risk manager had created a system that protected the company from rarely posting a losing day. The risk manager made this all possible by putting restrictions on the amount a trader could lose. If one of the traders lost even a small amount the risk manager would then be notified . Shawn left China with a business concept that would later consume much of his life. After returning home, Shawn was devoted to creating a similar risk management system as the Chinese company had created. That risk management system turned into a successful business called the Apiary Fund. * Work Ethic The business concept alone didn't magically make the Apiary Fund into a booming business. The Apiary Fund became successful from hard work and devotion. This hard work and devotion has recently brought the Apiary Fund to hit a trading volume high of $1 billion. Shawn Lucas believes that by the end of this year the Apiary Fund can expect to see double or triple that volume. The company has experienced immense growth by making a few changes to their program structure, which has since increased growth by about five times within the last year. Successful businesses are hard to start, but with a good business concept and great work ethic anything is possible. Shawn and the Apiary Fund are a great example of both.", "qas": [{"question": "The inspiration of the Apiary Fund's business concept comes from     .", "id": "d9bc001dd17547a1a5cc29c6c210859e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When did you last visit a shopping mall? In many p", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When did you last visit a shopping mall? In many places, the answer would be \"last weekend.\" Some people go even more often. Why? For one thing, malls offer goods and services that people need all in one place: food, clothing, things for their houses, entertainment, even medical services. So, are malls one of the highlights of modern civilization? Environmental activists would say No! They would go even further and say that consumer behavior is causing a huge environmental disaster. cause consumers of ignorance of the side effect of their shopping--urban sprawl . Social scientists agree that patterns of development have changed the landscape a great deal in the last half century. Before 1950, most people lived in towns or cities and either walked to work or took public transportation. Only very wealthy people had automobiles. Farmers lived in rural areas or isolated villages and came into town only when they needed things they couldn't produce themselves. If you gazed at the landscape you would see towns surrounded by countryside. Then a massive change occurred. Automobiles became affordable and people were quick to adopt them. Now ambitious workers could live in the suburbs, the areas just outside cities, which started to grow rapidly. As long as there was lots of cheap land in the suburbs, no one paid much attention to the usage of that land. Malls, fast food restaurants, cinemas, and car dealerships spread out in large, flat buildings. These one-storey buildings and their parking lot took up a great deal space. Well- meaning farmers thought they were better off selling their land than growing crops. In ignorance, no one realized that once the land was built up in urban sprawl, the good farming land would be ruined forever. There was no way to preserve it. Only in recent years have people come to mourn the old way of life as they have developed insight into the problems. Now people realize that urban sprawl has come with serious environmental problems. The negative aspects of sprawl include air and water pollution, loss of agricultural land, traffic jams, and the death of businesses in the old town centers. Many scholars think the time has come to analyze the problems better so we can develop appropriate policies to control further sprawl. Some think the best way to do is to educate citizens about their priceless environment.", "qas": [{"question": "What is mainly discussed in the passage?", "id": "199c6a29e906468fbfbf3435777a8182", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the scholars' attitude toward urban sprawl?", "id": "8dda27d714be4e4599ae9a86e5b36dc4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Qi Baishi (1863~1957) is one of the best-known con", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Qi Baishi (1863~1957) is one of the best-known contemporary Chinese artists. His life shows he achieved success by combining talent with hard work. He was born in a peasant family. At 11 he was sent to learn carpentry . Through his work he got to know some local scholars. One of them, Hu Shenyuan, offered to teach his painting and poetry. During this period he earned his living by painting portraits and selling his works. Gradually he developed a reputation as an artist as well as a carpenter. In those years he devoted himself to poetry, calligraphy , and seal-carving. Although he admitted he was a versatile artist, his own criteria of his successes placed poetry first, seal-carving second, calligraphy third, and painting last. From 1902 to 1916, Qi toured the country five times, and he left his footmarks in many cities, such as Beijing and Hongkong. The trips broadened his vision and changed his style. In 1917 he settled down in Beijing, where he met many artists and scholars, and made friends with Chen Shizeng. Chen advised him not to _ early masters and to form his own style. Through long years of practice, Qi Baishi evolved a distinctive personal style. The subjects of his painting were wide and various, and the flowers, birds, fish, prawns , and insects he painted are most admired by his public. To improve his technique of painting prawns, he raised some at home and frequently observed their movements. He wrote in his diary about how he had changed his method of painting prawns: \"At first my prawns owned a reasonable similarity, then they became even more realistic, and finally light and dark color1s became properly contrasted. These are the three changes.\" Qi Baishi was able to portray the same object in either the xieyior thegongbistyle. When he painted a dragonfly in a detailed manner, he even drew the veins in its wings. When he adopted a , free style, he used only a few dry, expressive strokes to form it. What is fascinating about his work is that in some pictures both methods are used.", "qas": [{"question": "In his early life, what was Qi Baishi famous for?", "id": "9c9a5997cecb496eb3fb66d73fcd059b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Come for Dinner by Leslie Revsin Make every meal a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Come for Dinner by Leslie Revsin Make every meal a feast and every moment with loved ones an occasion with Come for Dinner. Revsin, the former owner and chef of Manhattan's Restaurant Leslie, offers a collection of over 150 recipes designed for small get-togethers of friends and family. There are various ethnic dishes that draw from Asia,the Mediterranean, Latin cultures and more. Revsin believes cooking at home provides the opportunity to connect with friends and family on a good level. Retro Beach Bash by Linda Everett Grab your beach blanket and your surfboard -- it's time for a beach party! With more than 100 recipes for beach picnics and barbecues, Retro Beach Bash, is the beach lover's companion for fun in the sun. Half information and half cookbook, you can browse the pages that are filled with beach fun tips and advice. The second half of this book is a cookbook, complete with delicious picnic and grilled foods to satisfy every taste on the beach. Entertaining Edibles by Sidney Escowitz You've seen them decorating plates at restaurants, admired them at weddings, and expressed great surprise at the chefs who designed them -- and now you can produce them at home. Sidney shares lots of practical tips that will give your finished food sculptures a professional look and send you on your way towards creating your own original works of food art. Recipes from a Tapas Bar by Olivier Said If you're a fan of Spanish Tapas bars, this book is a must-have for your library. Even if you don't cook, you'll still want this book if you're a fan of Tapas bars, only for the lively discussions of the cheeses of Spain along with other Spanish wines and spirits.", "qas": [{"question": "Who can tell you how to make the works of food art?", "id": "b83dfcc3b89b47c3bd0bc9bd103fc0d3", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Professor Barry Wellman of the University of Toron", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Professor Barry Wellman of the University of Toronto in Canada has invented a term to describe the way many North Americans interact these days. The term is _ . This concept is not easy to understand because the words seem to have opposite meanings. How can we be individuals and be networked at the same time? You need other people for networks. Here is what Professor Wellman means. Before the invention of the Internet and e-mail, our social networks included live interactions with relatives, neighbors, and friends. Some of the interaction was by phone, but it was still voice to voice, person to person, in real time. A recent research study by the Pew Internet and American Life Project showed that for a lot of people, electronic interaction through the computer has replaced this person-to-person interaction. However, a lot of people interviewed for the Pew study say that's a good thing. Why? In the past, many people were worried that the internet isolated us and caused us to spend too much time in the imaginary world of the computer. But the Pew study discovered that the opposite is true. The Internet connects us with more real people than expected--helpful people who can give advice on careers, medical problems, raising children, and choosing a school or college. About 60 million Americans told Pew that the Internet plays an important role in helping them make major life decisions. Thanks to the computer, we are able to be alone an together with other people--at the same time!", "qas": [{"question": "According to the Pew study, what do many people rely on to make major life decisions?", "id": "f163ba68fc6c47f392e10b36337b08e0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Medical drugs sometimes cause more damage than the", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Medical drugs sometimes cause more damage than they cure. One solution to this problem is to put the drugs inside a capsule, protecting them from the body--and the body from them--until they can be released at just the right spot. There are lots of ways to trigger this release, including changing temperature, acidity, and so on. But triggers can come with their own risks--burns, for example. Now, researchers in California have designed what could be a harmless trigger to date: shining near-infrared light (NIR, ) on the drug in the capsule. The idea of using light to liberate the drug in the capsule isn't new. Researchers around the globe have developed polymers and other materials that begin to break down when they absorb either ultraviolet (UV, ) or visible light. But tissues also readily absorb UV and visible light, which means the drug release can be triggered only near the skin, where the light can reach the capsule. NIR light largely passes through tissues, so researchers have tried to use it as a trigger. But few compounds absorb NIR well and go through chemical changes. That changed last year when Adah Almutairi, a chemist at the University of California, San Diego, reported that she and her colleagues had designed a polymer that breaks down when it absorbs NIR light. Their polymer used a commercially available NIR-absorbing group called o-nitrobenzyl (ONB). When they catch the light, ONB groups fall off the polymer, leading to its breakdown. But ONB is only a so-so NIR absorber, and it could be poisonous to cells when it separates from the polymer. So Almutairi and her colleagues reported creating a new material for capsules that's even better.This one consists of a long chain of compounds called cresol groups linked in a polymer. Cresol contains reactive components that make it highly unstable in its polymeric form, a feature Almutairi and her colleagues use to their advantage. After polymerizing the cresols, they cap each reactive component with a light-absorbing compound called Bhc. When the Bhcs absorb NIR light, the reactive groups are exposed and break the long polymer into two short chains. Shining additional light continues this breakdown, potentially releasing any drugs in the capsule. What's more, Almutairi says, Bhc is 10 times better at absorbing NIR than is ONB and is not poisonous to cells.", "qas": [{"question": "Which word can be used to complete the following process of changes?", "id": "0edd40122c4040d3befa7fb2995d6228", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Classified Ads For direct classified service, call", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Classified Ads For direct classified service, call 800-0667 10 a.m.--4 p.m., Monday---Friday. For Rent Best on Campus Excellent Room for girls, begins Jan., 2, 4, or 8 months lease. Single, $ 105. $125. Double, $ 140. Call 800-1932. Family Home, 3 bedrooms, large yard. $ 275. Call 800-4300. For Sale Sheepskin Coat, men's size 42, 1year old. $ 85. After 6 p.m. call 800-5224. Moving: Must sell. Color TV 21, $ 150; transistor radio, $ 15; recorder, $ 25. Call 800-0739. Help Wanted Babysitter--My home If you could find a few hours during the day, some evenings and weekends to care for 2 school- age children, please call 800-1111. Lost A black bag with a pencil-box and some books left in the reading room. Will the finder please come to Class 3, Grade 1? Found A green jacket was left on the sports ground yesterday afternoon ( April 15th). Will the owner please ring 656-6688", "qas": [{"question": "If you wanted to place an ad. , what number would you call?", "id": "fd9bec275260492094a3b7e9459e8264", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Today, over six billion people live on the planet.", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Today, over six billion people live on the planet. This means that there are very few places on Earth with no people. One place that has very few people is at the bottom of the Earth. In Antarctica, the icy continent surrounding the South Pole, you will not find anyone who lives there all the time. First, Antarctica is the coldest place on Earth. For example, it can be -l30degC in the winter. Humans cannot live in this kind of environment. Because it is so cold, very few plants or animals live there. This means there are no farms and no places to find wild plants or animals to eat. Second, Antarctica can be dangerous. Many people think that it is safe to travel to Antarctica in the summer months when it is warmer. However, Antarctica is mostly ice, so when it's summer, the ice melts. When the ice melts, the ice can break. So, people cannot travel around Antarctica during the summer. If the ice breaks, they could fall into the water and die. Another serious problem in Antarctica is the sun. Because Antarctica is mostly ice, there are no trees so there is no shade. Also, the ground is mostly white ice so the sun bounces off it. The light from the sky and the light from the ground can burn people's skin and hurt their eyes. People must be very careful in this situation. For example, they must wear sunglasses to protect their eyes. They must also cover their hands and faces all the time. Although Antarctica is a tough place to live, explorers have discovered coal in Antarctica. This leads them to believe that Antarctica at one time was a land of swam and forests.", "qas": [{"question": "When is the most dangerous time to travel around Antarctica?", "id": "a9752ea20c404e1f8f7e0a8f1cd96e55", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "After a discussion last week. \"Do SCHOOL Libraries", "paragraphs": [{"context": "After a discussion last week. \"Do SCHOOL Libraries Need Books?\" the comments from readers included some first-hand views from students. Below are excerpts from their observations on how studying has changed and how they use libraries. It makes little difference whether the books you are reading is electronic or paper. But if you want a place to read, a library is still the place to go. As a kid in school, I often avoid the study hall noises and go to the quiet school library. The library is a place. A learning place. Modern technology won't change the library as long as things are learned. -Scott Being a student I am aware that many of us seldom look at the books in the library unless told to do so by a teacher as a requirement for an assignment. It takes time to find the very book you want at the library, and it may not be necessary to do so. More and more students, such as myself, use the internet for nearly every assignment. There are countless online resources for us to use with a click of the mouse. What's more, books are very expensive and schools could put that money towards charities. -Hayley H I hope schools continue to have libraries. As a student, I know there is a difference between reading something on a screen and something printed. When I read something in a book that I do not understand or want to look further into. I record it and will research later or discuss with someone. With a screen (especially online) I will instantly access the information and look into the question at hand, which interrupts my reading and especially my imagination. -Allie To me, it depends on the purpose of the books. As a student, I prefer to do research online. Online research is faster and more efficient. But when I'm reading for pleasure, I ly refuse to give up a real book. The tactile sensation and freedom that real books give you really makes the reading experience more enjoyable. So my suggestion is that schools have more digital collections for research and scholarly work, and a good selection of interesting and age-appropriate fiction and nonfiction for pleasure reading. -CM", "qas": [{"question": "Who prefers printed books when reading for fun?", "id": "e9a22392498244efa3fe1db0ba629f63", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The earth is not the only body that travels around", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The earth is not the only body that travels around the sun. With it are eight other planets, fellow members of the sun's family. Two of them, Mercury and Venus, are nearer while the other six, namely Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, also in their given order from the sun, are farther from the sun than the earth is. The farther they are, the longer trips they make around the sun. People noticed long ago that these traveling bodies moved around in the sky in definite paths. It is a force called gravity that holds them in their paths. We know that every little bit of matter in the universe pulls upon every other bit of matter. The pull between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses. Because the sun is so large the pull between the sun and the planets are thus great. If it were not for this pull, the planets would fly off into space. In the same way there exists a pull between the earth and the moon, which keeps the moon traveling in its orbit around our planet, the earth. Gravity holds you to its surface, and pulls back to it the ball which you throw into the air. Of course the ball also pulls on the larger earth but the earth is so much larger that the pull is not noticed. Now remember that large bodies exert a greater pull than smaller ones which contain less material. But each object in the universe, no matter how small, pulls on all other objects to some degree.", "qas": [{"question": "Which two planets make the longest trips around the sun among all the planets in the solar system?", "id": "fa744845885343718614b770c0aa24ec", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Win $ 50 in the Coolest Gadget of the Week Look at", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Win $ 50 in the Coolest Gadget of the Week Look at what's the coolest gadget (vote for a chance to win $ 50). Cryo S: A Cool Netbook Cooler Like the other devices of NZXT, the Cryo S was designed to provide a competitive advantage at PC gaming. It has two adjustable 120mm fans that provide powerful cooling. The full post can be found on Trends Updates. Starry Night Bed Are you having trouble getting that good nights sleep that you're needing? Well, not any more. Why not take a look at the Starry Night Bed? The Starry Night Bed is a great new invention which will revolutionize the way in which you sleep. Not only is this bed fashionable and comfortable but it's also a gadget heaven. With this bed you get many added gadgets including anti-snore technology, movie projector with speakers, temperature control and many more. The full post can be found on Tech Styling. Fugoo--talking gadgets Fugoo gets all your appliances(,) talking to each other so your alarm clock could first wake you up and then tell the coffee machine to start working while checking traffic conditions online to tell you how long it will take you to get to work. The full post can be found on Decide What to Buy. Vote What is this week's coolest gadget? 0 A Cool Netbook Cooler 0 Starry Night Bed 0 Fugoo--talking gadgets", "qas": [{"question": "Where can you find the full post of the \"Cryo S\"?", "id": "ad136cfdd5414c3ea5e754d23b2cfc22", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Terra-cotta Warriors As the greatest archaeologica", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Terra-cotta Warriors As the greatest archaeological findings of the 20th century, Terra-cotta Warriors has a really long history.In 246 BC, Qin Shi Huang, later the first Emperor of all China, had begun to prepare for his mausoleum which took 11 years to finish to defend him in the afterlife.There are over 7,000 pottery soldiers, horses, bronze chariots, and even weapons found in it now.Terra-cotta Warriors was listed by UNESCO in 1987 as one of the world cultural heritages and it has made Xi'an a famous city for tourists. Big Wild Goose Pagoda The Big Wild Goose Pagoda has a history of over 1,300 years and is a typical ancient Chinese building.It is located in the south of Xi'an City.Because Master Xuanzang stored his classics brought from India in the pagoda, it is also a holy place for Buddhists.As a National Key Cultural Relic Preserve, it won the title of an AAAA Tourist Attraction as well. Xi'an Ancient City Wall As one of the landmarks of Xi'an, Ancient City Wall still stretches round the old city today, dividing the city into the inner part and the outer part.Ancient City Wall was originally built during the old Tang Dynasty (618 -- 907) and then enlarged by Zhu Yuanzhang, Emperor of the Ming Dynasty, thus forming the modern Xi'an City Wall.After the extension, the wall now stands 12 meters tall, 12-14 meters wide at the top and 15-18 meters thick at the bottom.", "qas": [{"question": "Who are the text written for?", "id": "86a4222de9e8427398618172e9b8ccbb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "You have been badly injured in a car accident. It ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "You have been badly injured in a car accident. It is necessary to give you a blood transfusion because you lost a great deal of blood in the accident. However, special care must be taken in selecting new blood for you. If the blood is too different from your own, the transfusion could kill you. There are four basic types of blood; A, B, AB, and O. A simple test can make sure of a person's blood type. Everybody is born with one of these four types of blood. Blood type, like hair color1 and height, is received from parents. The four groups must be transfused carefully. A and B cannot be mixed. A and B cannot receive AB, but AB may receive A or B. O can give to any other group; therefore, it is often called the universal donor . For the opposite reason, AB is sometimes called the universal recipient . However, because so many reactions can happen in transfusions , patients usually receive only salt of plasma (liquid part of blood) until their blood can be matched as exactly as possible in the blood bank of a hospital. In this way, it is possible to prevent the transfusion from any bad reactions.", "qas": [{"question": "People with type A blood can receive type     .", "id": "e4c90ecc4cd044f08ca523a5d6509239", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Most people know the feeling when you walk into a ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Most people know the feeling when you walk into a lift with other people. A study has found that where people stand is based on their social position on entering the lift. Rebekah Rousi, a Ph.D. student, did a study of lift behavior in two of the tallest office buildings in Adelaide, Australia. As part of her research, she took a total of 30 lift rides in the two buildings, and discovered there was a fixed order about where people chose to stand. In her research paper, she wrote that more senior men seemed to walk straight towards the back of the lift. She said , \"in front of them were younger men, and in front of them were women of all ages.\" She also noticed there was a difference in the direction where people look during the ride. \"Men watched the monitors, looked in the side mirrors (in one building) to see themselves, and in the door mirrors (in the other building) to watch others. Women would watch the monitors and avoid looking into others' eyes (unless in conversations) and the mirrors.\" Rebekah Rousi concluded that shyer people stand toward the front, where they can't see other passengers, while fearless people stand in the back, where they have a good view of everyone else.", "qas": [{"question": "Who are most likely to go to the back of the lift?", "id": "a96a38d70bf34cd2960c0a728d408b8f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Last July, my parents and I went to visit my aunt ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Last July, my parents and I went to visit my aunt and uncle in Seattle, a city on the northwest American coast. Dad did some research and had no difficulty in finding us cheap tickets online. On the day of our flight, we had to wake up very early. When we checked our bags in, we found that one bag weighed too much, so we had to pay a fine. After that, Dad insisted that we go and have some breakfast at the airport restaurant. We had a lot of fun watching many different people there. Then we realized it was getting late, so we rushed to the gate. It took one hour for everyone to get on the plane, but finally the door was shut and we were on our way! I think my favorite experience during our trip was our visit to Mount Rainier, a volcano near Seattle. It was nothing like I had expected. Before we left, my aunt lent us hats to protect us from getting sunburned, so I supposed that it would be very hot. Imagine my surprise when we drove up the mountain and I discovered the top was covered in snow and ice! My uncle led us to a small path beyond the main trails to increase our chances of seeing wildlife. We walked over a small hill, and suddenly before us there appeared a field of snow. Small wild flowers grew up through the snow; underneath the snow we could hear rushing water -- a small stream. Little animals stood still to avoid being noticed; tiny birds rose into the air. It was the most beautiful sight that I'd ever seen.", "qas": [{"question": "What was the writer's most impressive experience?", "id": "790fdffcd813416683f0b9c64663c75b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "City Varieties The Headrow, Leeds.Tel.430808. Oct ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "City Varieties The Headrow, Leeds.Tel.430808. Oct 10--11 only.A Night at the Varieties.All the fun of an old music hall with Barry Cryer, Duggle Brown, 6 dancers, Mystina, Jon Barker, Anne Dural and the Tony Harrison Trio; Laugh again at the old jokes and listen to your favorite songs. Performances: 8 pm nightly. Admission: L5; under 16 or over 60: L4. York Theatre Royal St Leonard's Place, York.Tel.223568. Sept 23--Oct 17 Groping for Words--a comedy by Sue Townsend.Best known for her Adrian Mole Diaries, Townsend now writes about an evening class, which two men and a woman attend.A gentle comedy. Admission: First night, Mon: L2; Tues--Fri: L3.25--5.50; Sat: L3.50--5.75. Halifax Playhouse King's Cross Street, Halifax.Tel.365998. Oct 10--17 On Golden Pond by Ernest Thompson.This is a magical comedy about real people.A beautifully produced, well-acted play for everyone.Don't miss it. Performances: 7:30 pm. Admission: L2.Mon: 2 seats for the price of one. Grand Theatre Oxford Street, Leeds.Tel.502116. Restaurant and Cafe. Oct--17 The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 13.Sue Townsend's musical play, based on her best-selling book. Performances: Evenings 7:45.October 10--17, at 2:30 pm.No Monday performances. Admission: Tues--Thurs: L2--5; Fri & Sat: L2--6.", "qas": [{"question": "Which theatre offers the cheapest seat?", "id": "767296f66e694ccbb4daaa9664fc4dce", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "According to the Ministry of Health, 260 million C", "paragraphs": [{"context": "According to the Ministry of Health, 260 million Chinese people have chronic diseases, and 85 percent of all deaths in China are caused by such diseases. Among them, cardiovascular disease has bothered more people than any other kind of chronic disease. According to the WHO(World Health Organization), salt consumption , one of the key causes of high blood pressure that can lead to cardiovascular disease, is much higher in China than in other countries. Douglas Bettcher, the director of the WHO's Tobacco Free Initiative, says, \"The average Chinese person consumes about 12 to 14 grams (of salt) per day, while the suggestion of the WHO is consumption of less than 5 grams per day. High salt consumption is a major cause of cardiovascular disease and high pressure in China. Changing the way that food is prepared could reduce salt consumption in China. Another major risk factor in China is smoking. Dr Michael O'Leary, a representative of the WHO, says, \"We know already that one million deaths in China are related to smoking, This is an enormous number. It means that we are seeing nearly 3000 deaths a day in China, or two deaths every minute, related to smoking. According to O'Leary, about 26 percent of men who die from smoking-related diseases in China die before the age of 60. People who can still contribute a great deal, in other words, are dying too young. China has tried to ban smoking , but more efforts are needed. More than half of chronic diseases are preventable by changing lifestyles and reducing risks. The four key risk factors are: smoking, diets high in fats, salt and sugar, environments that prevent physical activities, and alcohol consumption. These are the areas on which efforts to make changes need to concentrate.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the WHO, how much salt should a Chinese person consume?", "id": "f7644bbb665640ef868b6e6a5aa57cc9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Last week a study of one hundred ninety-nine count", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Last week a study of one hundred ninety-nine countries confirmed what many people may have already noticed. People around the world are getting fatter. The study found that obesity has almost doubled since 1980. Majid Ezzati, who led the research team, says the results show that obesity, high blood pressure and high blood pressure are no longer just found in wealthy nations. These are now worldwide problems. The study appeared shows that in 2008, almost ten percent of men were obese. That was up from about five percent in 1980. That same year, almost eight percent of women were obese. By 2008, the rate of obesity among women was almost fourteen percent. Obesity is commonly measured by body mass index , or BMI. This is a measure of a person's weight in relation to height. A person with a BMI of twenty-five to twenty-nine is considered overweight. The World Health Organization defines obesity as a body mass index of thirty or more. Pacific island nations have an average BMI of around thirty-five -- the highest in the world. But the study found that the United States had the single highest average among wealthy countries. Men and women had an average BMI of over twenty-eight. New Zealand was next. Japan had the lowest, at about twenty-two for women and twenty-four for men. The report had some good news, however, about high blood pressure. The percentage of people with this major cause of heart attacks and strokes has fallen since 1980. Dr. Ezzati credits improved testing and treatment in wealthy countries. He says a decrease in the use of salt and unhealthful fats probably also helped. In the United States, new guidelines urge Americans to reduce salt, sugar and fatty meats and to eat more fish and whole grains. People are being urged to choose water over sugared drinks and to eat more fruits and vegetables. But whatever they eat, Americans are being urged to follow new advice from the government: eat less.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the passage, which country has the lowest BMI among wealthy countries?", "id": "2751df74d70d42e39cb1e0052eaf8b69", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "People all over the world today are beginning to h", "paragraphs": [{"context": "People all over the world today are beginning to hear and learn more and more about the problem of pollution.Pollution is caused either by man's release of completely new artificial substances into the environment,or by releasing greatly increased amounts of a natural substance,such as oil from oil tankers into the sea. The whole industrial process which makes many of the goods and machines we need and use in our daily lives,is bound to create a number of waste products which upset the environmental balance,or the ecological balance as is also known.Many of these waste products can be prevented or disposed of.But while more and more new and complex goods are produced,there will be new,dangerous waste to be disposed of,for example,the waste products from nuclear power stations.Many people,therefore,see pollution as only part of a larger and more complex problem,that is,the whole process of industrial production and consumption of goods.Others again see the problem mainly in connection with agriculture,where new methods are helping farmers grow more and more on their land to feed our ever-increasing population.However,the land itself is gradually becoming worn out as it is being used,in some cases,too heavily,and artificial fertilizers can not restore the balance. Whatever its underlying reasons are,there is no doubt that much of the pollution caused could be controlled if only companies,individuals and governments would make more efforts.In the home there is an obvious need to control litter and waste.Food comes wrapped up three or four times in packages that all have to be disposed of;drinks are increasingly sold in bottles or tins which can not be reused.This not only causes a litter problem,but also is a great waste of resources,in terms of glass,metals and paper.Advertising has helped this process by persuading many of us not only to buy things we neither want nor need,but also to throw away much of what we do buy.Pollution and waste combine to be a problem everyone can help to solve by cutting out unnecessary buying,excessive consumption and careless disposal of the products we use in our daily lives.", "qas": [{"question": "Many people see pollution as only part of    .", "id": "cef2f298385146d08454625bee2f6956", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "World travel has moved on to a new level as new we", "paragraphs": [{"context": "World travel has moved on to a new level as new websites spring up to enable travelers to plan their trips online. Virtual tourism is the latest name of the game and although relatively new, has seen some tourism websites grow to host over one-million users. Typically, this development features a website that contains the answers to almost any tourism question.Tips and information are not provided by a single source, such as the website host, but rather from travelers themselves-often in the thousands. This has proven to be exceptionally beneficial for would-be travelers who are seeking infomtation on questions such as where to find the best museum or beach; whether it is better to tour Brussels with a bicycle or on foot; and which exchange rate bureaus are available in Italy. Questions about food and restaurants; tourist spots; safety; accommodation; and others are all answered. In addition, posted tips promote better preparation, such as what to pack when heading for Sicily . Apart from the useful tips, visual images and virtual tours have also been made available.If you'd like to visit the Eiffel Tower, it's a good idea to view the surrounding areas; to pick a safer train route; or to know that it's very close to the Seine River and that a walk along it would enhance the experience. Virtual tours have _ globally.In South Africa, John Gore established the Virtual Tour Guide in November last year. On his blog, Gore was quoted a saying, \"The world is panoramic . \"'We are able to tum our heads and look in all directions and get a feel for where we are, but the typical photograph cannot show or describe that experience completely. \" However, there is an answer--technology makes it possible to share the world around us in a 360 degree panoramic way, which really makes the viewer feel as though he or she is really there.", "qas": [{"question": "What makes us see the world in a panoramic way?", "id": "8360a4caa5c34913a4bcd736d98311f3", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Rock and roll music developed in the United States", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Rock and roll music developed in the United States in the early nineteen-fifties. It was based on the music called rhythm and blues that was performed by African American musicians. Early rock and roll singers developed their own kinds of music. Elvis Presley, Chuck Berry, the Beach Boys, and Bob Dylan were the most popular rock and roll musicians in the early 1960's. All were American. Then, in 1964, a new rock and roll group from England invaded America: the Beatles. Some people say the Beatles' music shook America like an earthquake. The Beatles changed rock and roll forever. Their early songs were influenced by American rock and roll musicians, including Chuck Berry. But the Beatles looked different and sounded different from any musical group before them. The Beatles released their first album in the United States in 1964, when all of the top five records in America were by the Beatles. In 1967, they released an album called \"Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.\" It was one of the first \"concept\" albums. That is, all the songs were linked by a common story or idea. The popularity of the Beatles led the way for more rock and roll bands from England to become popular in America. The Rolling Stones was the most important of these bands. The Rolling Stones is one of the few groups from the 1960's that is still performing and recording today. In 1965, the group recorded one of its most famous songs, \"Satisfaction\". The musical instrument most linked to rock and roll is the guitar. Experts say Jimi Hendrix was one of the most influential guitar players in rock and roll during the late 1960's. His \"Purple Haze\" was liked by many people. By the 1970's, rock and roll music became known as rock music. It expanded into many new forms. For example, there was country rock, hard rock, acid rock, and heavy metal rock. Punk rock, jazz rock, and glitter rock. In the middle 1970's, experts say rock music regained some of the energy of early rock and roll. Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band became popular with their album \"Born to Run\". Springsteen's music was like the lively rock and roll music of the early nineteen-sixties. Many of his songs were about social issues. He sang about the effects of unemployment and the war in Vietnam.", "qas": [{"question": "Whose songs were mainly about social problems like unemployment and war?", "id": "746d9658a297454385af7919f056adc0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Convenient location 5 minutes from Washington ,D.C", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Convenient location 5 minutes from Washington ,D.C. and one block to Crystal City Metro, Crystal City Underground. Alexandria. Free Parking, free Deluxe Continental breakfast and complimentary Hotel Shuttle Service to Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. 14000 Jefferson Davis Hwy(endurance on S. Eads St.) Phone (703) 979-3722 DAYS INN ARLINGTON Days Inn Arlington is located two miles from the Pentagon ,Lincoln Memorial .There is a restaurant which serves American style food ,plus two meeting rooms and an outdoor pool. Complimentary shuttle service runs to the Rosslyn Metro Station. Complimentary parking is available on the property .An experienced staff welcomes our guests. Phone(703)525-0300 THE HIGHLANDER MOTOR INN Comfortable rooms at moderate prices. Convenient location only minutes away from Washington area attraction. Near VA Square Metro Station and Ballston Commons Shopping Centre. Free continental breakfast, free parking. Phone(703)524-4300 HYATT REGENCY CRYSTAL CITY Conveniently located next to Washington National Airport and two miles from Washington D.C. Complimentary Shuttle to and from National Airport, metro, local restaurants and shopping .Experience a view to remember at our rooftop restaurants \"Chesapeake Grill\". Call for Reservations. Phone(073)418-12341", "qas": [{"question": "Which hotel does not provide service to drive its guests to the airport or metro stations?", "id": "8e3037e77df94c76af0bed854f81ed60", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which hotel is close to airports?", "id": "f4d93cc2c1df486bb5b349080b4fce5d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "We're always looking for well-written reviews of b", "paragraphs": [{"context": "We're always looking for well-written reviews of books, music, movies, television shows, websites, video games and other products. When writing a review, concentrate on exactly what you liked or didn't like. Give examples of strengths and weaknesses, be descriptive and provide background information on an author, director, actor or musician, if possible. Find professional reviews in magazines or newspapers and see how reviewers deal with their topic, but be sure to express your own voice in your review. Grammar Hint for Reviews: When describing a book, movie, album or anything else, use the present tense. Book Reviews Discuss an author's technique, strengths and weaknesses instead of focusing on the plot. Does the story flow? Is there a strong sense of character and place? Did you stay up until dawn to finish it? Is it good reading for teenagers? What influence did it have on you and why? If you've read other books by the same author, discuss how this book compares. Movie Reviews Think of the major Oscar categories and consider the performances, music, lighting and setting, etc. Do these work together? Did some hold up while others didn't? If the movie is based on a book, discuss whether one is better than the other and why. If the movie is a remake, compare the film to its original. Remember that a well-written movie review should discuss strengths and weaknesses. Some readers may not have seen a movie yet, so don't give away an exciting scene or the ending! College Reviews Begin by providing an overview of the college, including location, size and a description of the campus and/or dorm life. Think about all aspects of your college visit. What academic, athletic and after-class programs are available? What are the students like? What makes the college different from others? Every school has strengths and weaknesses. Be objective. Consider what the school has to offer and who might enjoy or benefit the most from attending there.", "qas": [{"question": "Which aspects should be included in all three reviews?", "id": "7b8e6eda88224fe29b4dacdfce1a4b1a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "England has been the birthplace of most of the gre", "paragraphs": [{"context": "England has been the birthplace of most of the great English-language theater written throughout history. Most of the plays in England that are truly famous have something in common. They usually come from a playwright with several famous plays. Shakespeare William Shakespeare is considered the most famous British playwright. Shakespeare has a large catalog of tragedies, comedies and history plays, and each category is home to some of the most famous plays ever written. _ are all tragedies and performed in theaters around the world every year. Famous comedies include A Midsummer Night's Dream and Much Ado About Nothing. In the history category, Richard III and Henry V are very famous. Oscar Wilde and George Bernard Shaw Several hundred years after Shakespeare, English people began to enjoy the works of Oscar Wilde and George Bernard Shaw. Wilde's plays are still popular now, and The Importance of Being Earnest is both performed and studied extremely frequently. A Woman of No Importance and An Ideal Husband are among his other famous works. Shaw and Wilde were born within a few years of each other, but Shaw was a much more productive writer. His most famous plays include Pygmalion and Candida. Shaw's plays are loved so much that an entire theater company is devoted to performing his work in Niagara-on-the-Lake in southern Ontario. Harold Pinter The plays of Harold Pinter certainly have an international presence. His writing was so widely recognized for its importance that he was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature in 2005. Pinter is especially known for his style of writing. Many of his plays such as Betrayal, The Dumb Waiter and his first play, The Room, are extremely well known.", "qas": [{"question": "Who was mentioned in this passage that he had received the Nobel Prize because of his writing?", "id": "5f00a384c44142b192d41deb0b409568", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Outdoor picnics and parties are very popular in Am", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Outdoor picnics and parties are very popular in America in the summertime. Visit any park between Memorial Day (end of May) and Labor Day (beginning of September) and you'll find families and groups of friends enjoying the warm weather and sharing a meal. Birthday celebrations, family reunions, sporting events and holidays are all common reasons to host a get-together. But just wanting to be outside on a nice summer day is the best reason! Food is an important part of any gathering, and in the summer Americans love to cook outside on grills . All kinds of meats, such as hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken and sausages, and even vegetables like corn, peppers or potatoes can be cooked on the grill. Many typical families have grills in their yards, and many parks also have grills for public use. Men seem to particularly like to do the job of barbecuing the food, even if they don't usually cook at any other time. Many have \"secret recipes\" for a delicious barbecue sauce . Other guests at the party will often be asked to \" bring a dish to share\". This means that they will make some kind of side dish (a salad or vegetable) or dessert, and share it with the others. If you make something very delicious, people may want you to make it every time! Fried chicken and sandwiches are popular at picnics too, because you eat them with your hands. Potato salads and baked beans are favorite side dishes.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the passage, who generally barbecues the meat at gatherings?", "id": "bffda97b43324c4f9b92ad3008a82507", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Mosquitoes have an extraordinary ability to target", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Mosquitoes have an extraordinary ability to target humans far away and fly straight to their unprotected skin. Regrettably,mosquitoes can do more than cause an itchy wound. Some mosquitoes spread several serious diseases,including Dengue,yellow fever and malaria. Over one million people worldwide die from these diseases each year. New research now shows how mosquitoes choose who to bite. Mosquitoes need blood to survive. They are attracted to human skin and breath. They smell the carbon dioxide gas,which all mammals breathe out. This gas is the main way for mosquitoes to know that a warm-blooded creature is nearby. But mosquitoes also use their eyes and sense of touch. Michael Dickinson is a professor at the California Institute of Technology. His research shows how these small insects,with even smaller brains,use three senses to find a blood meal. Michael Dickinson's team used plumes--a material that rises into the air of carbon dioxide gas into a wind tunnel. They then used cameras to record the mosquitoes. The insects followed the plume. Then,the scientists placed dark objects on the lighter colored floor and walls of the tunnel. Mr. Dickinson said,at first,the mosquitoes showed no interest in the objects at all. \"What was quite striking and quite surprising is that the mosquitoes fly back and forth for hours. These are hungry females and they completely ignore the objects on the floor and wall of the tunnel. But the moment they get a hit of CO2,they change their behavior quite obviously and now would become attracted to these little visual blobs .\" This suggested to the researchers that a mosquito's sense of smell is more important in the search for food. Once mosquitoes catch a smell of a human or animal,they also follow visual signals.", "qas": [{"question": "What do mosquitoes mainly use to find their targets?", "id": "2f0567006bda4eabb15524992b65ee04", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Beginning of the Civil Rights Movement In 1955", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Beginning of the Civil Rights Movement In 1955,bus seats for African Americans and whites were separated in parts of the U.S.. On December 1,1955,in the city of Montgomery,Alabama,a conflict,or disagreement,started when an African American woman named Rosa Parks refused to give her bus seat to a white man and go to the back of the bus. The police took 42yearold Parks to jail. The African American community was extremely angry. They had a meeting and decided to work together to protest discrimination. They agreed to boycott the buses on the day that Parks went to court. The day was a success. Empty buses drove through the streets. The city lost money. The community decided to continue the boycott. They elected a man named Martin Luther King,Jr. to be the leader. The boycott continued. It was difficult for African Americans to get to work without buses,but they didn't stop the boycott. The city continued to lose money. Finally,the U.S. Supreme Court decided that Montgomery's bus laws were unfair and gave the African American community equal right. On December 21,1956,the bus boycott ended. The Montgomery Bus Boycott was the beginning of the Civil Rights Movement. The movement eventually led to the Civil Rights Act in 1964,a set of laws that made discrimination a crime. During the Montgomery Bus Boycott,people worked together to change the government. Today,people in the U.S. continue to work together for a change. Now hundreds of organizations and community groups work to protect the rights of U.S. citizens and residents.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the final result of the Civil Rights Movement?", "id": "4fd98536c6bf4472b560280ce523f1d9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"Iris scan , please,\" the bank's computer voice te", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"Iris scan , please,\" the bank's computer voice tells you. You step up and the computer reads your eye, comparing it to the stored file it has of your iris. The images had better match---otherwise, you won't be able to get your money. Iris scanning and other technologies, such as fingerprint and voice scanning, have appeared in many science fiction movies in the past. Today, these advanced technologies are part of the real world. They are common at work, the bank, the airport, and your local prison. The iris scan, fingerprint scan, and voice scan are all examples of biometrics , a fast developing area of automatic personal identification technology. Basically, biometrics uses various ways to verify a person's identity, based on the individual's unique characteristics, including fingerprints, signature, and so on. Biometrics identification systems have a number of advantages over password systems. The primary advantage is that an individual has to be physically present in order to be identified. Another important advantage is that there are no passwords to remember, forget, lose, or steal. The voice scan is the simplest and most affordable form of biometrics. It only requires a computer, a microphone, and the correct software. The software records a subject's voice and then compares it to a stored voice sample for identification purpose. For additional safety, fingerprint and handprint scans can also be employed. Fingerprint scans take the image of a fingerprint and compare it to a stored file of prints. Handprint scans identify the unique features of a hand.", "qas": [{"question": "Which is the most accurate form of biometrics?", "id": "a98cea145cb445a6b6550c79a3ee52b2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Today, the Eiffel Tower, which serves an important", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Today, the Eiffel Tower, which serves an important role in television and radio broadcasts, is considered an architectural wonder. It attracts more visitors than any other paid tourist attraction in the world. The Eiffel Tower was designed by the French engineer and bridge builder Alexandre Gustave Eiffel for the Paris Exposition of 1889. The tower is 300 m high and consists of an open iron framework making it the highest manmade structure in the world at the time. It was almost not built. After being awarded the contract to build the tower, Eiffel discovered that the Exposition Committee would only provide about a quarter of the money needed to construct it. Eiffel himself would have to finance the balance. He thought of a deal that would make him a very rich man. He agreed to independently find the people to fund his tower but he wanted to be the only one to control of the tower and he wanted the profits for twenty years. They agreed. To everyone's surprise, including Eiffel, the tower was paid off in the first year. The deal that Eiffel came up with was probably what saved the tower from destruction. A Committee of Three Hundred was formed and they demanded an end to its building. Many members of the committee said, \"They have only put up the framework of this monument, It has no skin.\" Many sculptors and architects protested , in the name of threatened French art and history, about the useless Eiffel Tower, in the heart of their capital. It is built of iron, which is an inferior material, and a single beam of it is unable to support large stresses. That is why the tower appears over-engineered by today's standards. Though, from this very weakness, its simple beauty can be found. If you look at the tower, the structure of it sort of copies the biological cellular structure of a plant.", "qas": [{"question": "What was the Eiffel Tower originally designed for?", "id": "782d80432783449bb2526ab7c6f17ee1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "As people in China celebrated Singles' Day on Nove", "paragraphs": [{"context": "As people in China celebrated Singles' Day on November 11, the media eagerly discussed why so many marriageable young people fail to find their other half. While single people in China are pitied, their counterparts in some Western countries feel they are being discriminated against. In the US, where more than a quarter of all households consists of one person, single people often pay more insurance than married people. They don't get the same tax breaks and they seldom get promoted at work. There seems to be a bad name attached to their status - somehow their personality is flawed and therefore they are not to be trusted. Activities have created the term \"singlism\" to describe discrimination against unmarried people. It means stereotyping , stigmatizing and discrimination against those who are single. Globally, the number of people living alone is skyrocketing. Many people are at peace with being single and some even choose to remain single. But why are so many of us worried about singledom? Michael Cobb, professor of English at the University of Toronto in Canada, says that pop culture is to blame for people's fear of singledom. His book Single: Arguments for the Uncoupled is a critical examination of singleness in favor of the couple, making singletons one of the most despised sexual minorities in Western countries. In pop culture, singles are viewed as immature, whereas fully adults are able to form relationships and live meaningful lives. The overall message is clear: go ahead and be yourself, but if you want real happiness, make sure you get coupled up. You may get that idea from US comedy series Sex and the City and the most recent Girls, or UK's Bridge Jones' Diary.", "qas": [{"question": "In Michael Cobb's opinion, what should be responsible for people's fear of singledom?", "id": "cc2fc4beaa8144ddab5a27fed2084d40", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Love is a telephone which always keeps silent when", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Love is a telephone which always keeps silent when you are longing for a call, but rings when you are not ready for it. As a result, we often miss the sweetness from the other end. Love is a telephone which is seldom program-controlled or directly dialed. You cannot get an immediate answer by a mere \"hello\", let alone go deep into your lover's heart by one call. Usually it had to be relayed by an operator, and you have to be patient in waiting. _ Love is a telephone which is always busy, When you are ready to die for love, you only find, to your disappointment, the line is already occupied by someone else, and you are greeted only by a busy line. This is an eternal regret handed down from generation to generation and you are only one of those who languish for(...) followers. Love is telephone, but it is difficult to seize the center time for dialing, and you will let the opportunity slip if your call is either too early or too late. Love is a telephone which is not always associated with happiness. Honeyed words are transmitted by sound waves, but when the lovers are brought together, the phone serves no purpose that many lovers observe that marriage is the _ of love. Love is a telephone which, when you use it for the first time, makes you so nervous and excited that you either hold the receiver upside down or dial the wrong number. By the time you've calmed down, you will beat a loss to whom you should make the call. Love is a telephone which often has crossed lines. And this usually happens to you unexpectedly. Your time will either cross or be crossed. Both cases are referred to as \"triangle\". Fortunately, all such occurrences are transient .", "qas": [{"question": "What is the best title of the passage?", "id": "8ee50c70ae9542d187cec0a33245ed33", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "(NEW YORK) A French tourist highly praised for res", "paragraphs": [{"context": "(NEW YORK) A French tourist highly praised for rescuing a two-year-old girl in Manhattan said he didn't think twice before diving into the freezing East River. Tuesday'sDaily Newssaid 29-year-old Julien Duret from France was the man who left the spot quickly after the rescue last Saturday. He lifted the little girl out of the water after she fell off the bank at the South Street Seaport museum. He handed the girl to her father, David Anderson, who had dived in after him. \"I didn't think at all,\" Duret told theDaily News. \"It happened very fast. I reacted very fast.\" Duret, an engineer on vacation, was walking with his girlfriend along the pier when he saw something falling into the water. He thought it was a doll, but realized it was a child when he approached the river. Immediately, he took off his coat and jumped into the water. When he reached the girl, she appeared lifeless, he said. Fortunately, when she was out of the water, she opened her eyes. Anderson said his daughter slipped off the bank when he was adjusting his camera. An ambulance came later for her, said Duret, who was handed dry clothes from onlookers. Duret caught a taxi with his girlfriend shortly after. The rescue happened on the day before he left for France. Duret said he didn't realize his story of heroism had greatly moved New York until he was leaving the city the next morning. \"I don't really think I'm a hero,\" said Duret. \"Anyone would do the same thing.\"", "qas": [{"question": "Who dived after Duret into the river to save the little girl?", "id": "4656f7c594d74f688f0129c3baeeecab", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Rescue workers and volunteers in prefix = st1 /Flo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Rescue workers and volunteers in prefix = st1 /Floridaworked non-stop to help as many dolphins as they could to return to deep water. Some dolphins made it. About 24 died. For 35 dolphins in danger there was only one chance for survival--to be sent to the Marine Mammals Care Centre. The dolphins were placed in a water pool where they have been given care _ by hundreds of volunteers who signed up for four-hour shifts . By the second week in April, only 11 of the original 35 were still alive. Each year thousands of dolphins, the lovely marine mammals, are found beached or stranded along coastlines around the world. They can't get back to the sea and will die if they don't get help, according to the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society's website. Nobody knows what caused the dolphins to strand themselves, but the US Navy and marine wildlife experts are investigating whether the dolphin stranding was caused by sonar exercises of ships. And some scientists suggest disease, or human interference . The reason for stranding isn't completely understood. In the pool, volunteers hold the dolphins and keep their blowholes out of the water so they can breathe. A vet injects the mammals with vitamin E to help with muscle cramping . Unable to eat on their own, they are fitted with a feeding tube to get them the needed nutrition. \"Today we made the first steps in getting them to eat dead fish and to eat them out of our hands,\" Banick said. It's a race against time and feeding times must be strictly kept to.", "qas": [{"question": "How many dolphins had died by the second week in April?", "id": "e88650f3dfa744838778e4f8790f4be9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Britons spend as much as nearly five hours a week ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Britons spend as much as nearly five hours a week keeping their homes clean, a survey found. Kitchens are cleaned most often, while doing the oven and windows are the least popular jobs. In total, they spend just over PS1 billion a year on products to keep the dirt at bay -- almost PS40 per household. Market analyst Mintel found a clear division of labour. While the average Briton spends 4 hours, 40 minutes cleaning their home each week, men spend just 3 hours, 53 minutes compared to 5 hours, 25 minutes for women. And while seven in ten women say they do most of the cleaning, this falls to four in ten for men. Confirming many parents' feelings, only one in five adult children and over living at their parents' home helps with cleaning chores, with children under 18 doing even less. Last year, the household cleaning market was worth PS1.06 billion, which equates to annual spending of PS39.89 per household. Those looking for the cleanest homes in the country should head to Scotland, where people spend an average of five fours, 6 minutes, which is closely followed by East and West Midlands at five hours, 1 minute. In comparison, the least number of hours spent in cleaning is spent in the southeast/East Anglia at four hours, 18 minutes. The southwest and Wales stand at four hours, 46 minutes, the northwest four hours, 44 minutes, and Yorkshire and the Humber four hours, 21 minutes. According to Richard Caines, Mintel's senior household care analyst, men still lag women in the household cleaning stakes and spend on average an hour and a half less time cleaning their home, suggesting an opportunity for a campaign to encourage more cleaning by men to helpredressthis imbalance. The number of households that need cleaning is continuing to grow, but pressure on time from increasingly busy lives limits the number of hours people are willing or able to spend cleaning their homes. This means the market will see an increasing focus on easy-to-use, but effective hard surface cleaners and cleaning equipment. Such products can help encourage more cleaning to be done in less time, but as well as focusing on more convenient products, cleaning brands can also inject an element of fun into campaigns through encouraging a more shared approach that involves the whole family. This will also help to address the gender imbalance and get older children to make more of a contribution to cleaning.", "qas": [{"question": "In which area do people spend the most time cleaning their home each week?", "id": "11114104f9cf43ad833eeb65b6c9d115", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "First direct coal liquefaction line produces (Xinh", "paragraphs": [{"context": "First direct coal liquefaction line produces (Xinhua) HOHHOT - China's first direct coal-to-oil project, operated by the country's leading coal producer, Shenhua Group, produced 866,000 tons of oil products last year. The direct coal liquefaction line is located in Ejin Horo Banner , Ordos city, North China's Inner Mongolia autonomous region. It produces 3,000 tons of oil products by using nearly 10,000 tons of coal per day, said Shenhua Coal Liquefaction and Chemical Co.,Ltd. With an investment of 12.6 billion yuan ($2.06 billion), Shenhua Group began construction of the project in 2004, using self-developed technologies. The project began trial production at the end of 2009 with a designed annual capacity of 1.08 million tons of diesel , naphtha and liquefied petroleum gas . Proven coal reserves around Ordos are estimated at 160 billion tons, or 11.4 percent of the country's total coal reserves. As part of its clean energy strategy, China has begun a number of direct or indirect coal liquefaction and coal gasification projects in Inner Mongolia, Shaanxi, Ningxia, Xinjiang and Liaoning in the past three years.", "qas": [{"question": "What's mainly talked about in the passage?", "id": "8b928a79cdce470784f41d6e2e8ebe5b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "#United States Capitol It serves as the seat of go", "paragraphs": [{"context": "#United States Capitol It serves as the seat of government for the US Congress. It is located in Washington, D. C., on top of Capitol Hill at the eastern end of the National Mall. Officially, both the east and west sides of the Capitol are referred to as \"fronts\". Historically, however, the east front was initially the side of the building intended for the arrival of visitors and famous guests. Phone: (202) 225-6827 Official website: www.aoc.gov Hours: Monday-Saturday: 9:00 a.m.-4:30 p.m. #International Spy Museum It is a privately owned museum dedicated to the field of espionage located in Washington. D. C., The museum was built by The Malrite Company at a cost of US $ 40 million. Despite being one of the few museums in Washington that charges admission fees, it has been popular since its opening in July 2002. Phone: (202) 393-7798 Official website: www.spymuseum.org Hours: Monday-Sunday: 9:30 a.m.-6:00 p.m. #National Museum of Natural History It is a natural history museum administered by the Smithsonian Institution, located on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., Admission is free and the museum is open 364 days a year. The museum's collections total over 125 million specimens of plants, animals, fossils, minerals, rocks, meteorites ,and human cultural artifacts, making it the largest such museum anywhere. It is the second most popular of all of the Smithsonian museums and is also home to about 185 professional natural history scientists--the largest group of scientists dedicated to the study of the natural and cultural history in the world. Phone: (202) 633-1000 Official website: www.mnh.si.edu #Jefferson Memorial It is a presidential memorial in Washington, D. C., dedicated to Thomas Jefferson, an American Founding Father and the third president of the United States. The neoclassical building was designed by John Russell Pope. It was built by Philadelphia contractor John Mc. Shain. Construction began in 1939, the building was completed in 1942, and the bronze statue of Jefferson was added in 1947. When completed, the memorial occupied one of the last significant sites left in the city. Phone: (202) 426-6821 Official website: www.mps.gov/thje", "qas": [{"question": "Which admission is free?", "id": "d10992f9504b47458a3b844e21297f56", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It's the dieting fashion that is sweeping the worl", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It's the dieting fashion that is sweeping the world, and encourages fasting for two days of the week. But does it work? People are starving themselves to lose weight, with a dieting trend known as the \"fast diet\" growing in popularity. The method is also known as the 5:2 diet, and consists of eating normally for five days of a week and cutting calories to about 25 percent of normal intake during other two days. Men consume just 600 calories on the two fast days, while women are limited to 500 calories. Notably, the two fasting days should not be _ . The dieter should have at least one normal eating day in between. In the best-selling book The Fast Diet: Lose Weight, Stay Healthy, and Live Longer with the Simple Secret of Intermittent Fasting by Dr. Michael Mosley and Mimi Spencer, the two authors claim that the 5:2 diet not only promotes weight loss, but also benefits health, offering protection from disease, improved cognitive function and increased lifespan. The diet originated in the United Kingdom and became popular in the United States. Now, it is gaining popularity among the Chinese middle-class. Zhong Minghui, who is 178 cm tall and used to weigh 100 kilograms, finds fasting effective in weight control. He works in the sales department of a trade company and used to drink and eat a lot after work. After sticking to the fasting diet for five months, he managed to lose about 20 kilograms. \"Actually I did not exactly rely on the 5:2 diet to lose weight. My fasting was more extreme. I almost completely cut off my supper every day and only ate some fruit. I also used an app to calculate the calories in the food I ate and was cautious of not eating any high-calorie food. I did about an hour's aerobic exercise every day. Fasting is definitely effective, but I think sports also help,\" he says. \"I do not really believe that fasting is the magical cure-all , but my high blood sugar has improved,\" he adds. The US Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics says that although there is evidence that intermittent fasting diets may help prevent chronic disease, more research is needed. Han Ting, a clinic nutritionist of Shanghai Tenth People's Hospital, says that people who suffer diabetes or eating disorders, pregnant women, kids, teens and frail seniors should not try fasting. She recommends a regular low-calorie diet, which is safer and less risky for health. When on a fasting diet, on the weekly fasting days, Han recommends low-fat, low-sugar, and low-protein food, such as vegetables, yogurt, non-fat milk, shellfish and fruits with high dietary fiber .", "qas": [{"question": "Which is the best title of the passage?", "id": "ca559c8730b041a1897d1eba2407efe4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Can storms in Africa cause asthma in the Caribbean", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Can storms in Africa cause asthma in the Caribbean ? Islanders point to the desert insects that land on beaches after a 5,000-kilometer flight across the Atlantic. If they can use winds to get from one continent to another, so can clouds of dust that carry disease. Scientists think that as Africa becomes drier, dust from expanding deserts is being blown away into Caribbean islands. A study in Barbados shows that asthma has increased 17 times since Africa's drought began in 1973. Other forms of life are suffering, too. Among them are the Caribbean's famous coral reefs( ), which began dying in large numbers in the 1900s. Eugene Shinn of the U.S. Geiological Sudrvey(USGS) in Florida went to the virgin Islands to study the reefs. The tests he and his colleagues carried out showed that the coral was dying of disease caused by Africa microbes from across the ocean. William Sprigg of the University of Arizona is studying the problem as part of a major UN project. He says that dust is causing problems in the U.S., too. \"We are just beginning to collect the evidence of airborne dust influences on human health,\" he toldThe Washington Post.", "qas": [{"question": "Where does the dust talked about in this passage come from?", "id": "08c109acfff0486eb8c60d891b59307c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Top 5 Must See Places in Beijing Beijing is an old", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Top 5 Must See Places in Beijing Beijing is an old capital city with a lot of tourists attractions. What is the most representative place in Beijing? The answers are various. Here are the Top 5 Must See Places in Beijing. 1. Forbidden City The Forbidden City is the ideal place for you to begin your exploration of Beijing. Make sure to wear comfortable shoes as you have to walk a lot! A multilingual guide recorder is recommended, as it can tell you the stories behind the palace. Opening Hour: 8:30-17:00 Entrance Fee: RMB 60 2. Tian'anmen Square Lying in the heart of Beijing City, it is the place for massive parades and gathering. It boasts of the largest square of such kind in the world. At sunrise and sunset the raising and lowering ceremony of the Chinese National Flag is well worth seeing. Ticket fees: Free Opening Time: Whole Day 3. Great Wall Most of the sections of the Great Wall in Beijing are well-preserved, and the most famous section is Badaling. For the Great Wall hiking, get ready for strong footwear. For hot weather, please also prepare sunblock, sunglasses and water. Badaling Great Wall: Ticket Fees: RMB40 (Nov. 01 to Mar. 31); RMB 45 (Apr. 01 to Oct. 31) Open Hours: 6:40 to 18:30 4. Summer Palace Regarded as the largest imperial garden in China, the Summer Palace is in fact a park-styled royal retreat. With masterly design and artistic architecture integrating the highlight of Chinese garden arts, it has earned a title of \"Royal Garden Museum\". Open Time: 6:30-20:30 Ticket Fee: RMB 40 (low season) / RMB 50 (peak season during the holidays) 5. Temple of Heaven The Temple of Heaven worked as sacrificial compound buildings for the Ming and Qing emperors. What's the intriguing by-production of the temple is that if you enter the Temple of Heaven in the early morning, you can find many people doing all types of Kungfu, Taiji, dancing and other morning exercises. Open Time: 6:00-21:00 Ticket Fee: RMB 35", "qas": [{"question": "Which is the most suitable place for those who want to go square dancing in the morning?", "id": "cd4e2a971561451a8cd4f66b56913b54", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Greenwich is on the River, five miles from the mid", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Greenwich is on the River, five miles from the middle of London, and its history is two thousand years old. The first English people were fishermen there, and they named the place Greenwich, meaning \"green village\". Later the English kings and queens lived at Greenwich in their beautiful places. The name of the earliest palace was Placentia. Henry VIII lived there. He knew that England must be strong at sea. So he started two big ship-yards at Greenwich. But trouble was coming to Greenwich. In 1649, a war started in England and for eleven years there was no king. The men who had worked for him at Placentia decided to live the place themselves. They sold all its beautiful things. Finally, the war ended and King Charles II came back. But Placentia was falling down. So King Charles built a new and bigger palace, which is now open to the public. At this time, Charles was worried about losing so many of its ships at sea: their sailors did not know how to tell exactly where they were. So in 1675, Charles made John Flamsteed, the first astronomer in England, try to find the answer. Flamsteed worked in a new building on the high ground in Greenwich Park. From it with a telescope which he made himself, Flamsteed could look all round the sky. And he did, night after night, for twenty years. Carrying on Flamsteed's work a hundred years later, an astronomer called Harrison finally made a clock which told the time at sea, and helped sailors to know where they were. You can see Harrison's clock, still working, in Greenwich's museum of the sea. Because of Flamsteed's work, every country in the world now tells its time by Greenwich Time.", "qas": [{"question": "What kind of trouble came to Greenwich in 1649?", "id": "fbaa642997d94f31a8fdae578c79cc11", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who made the first clock which could tell the time at sea?", "id": "4651a968492f4b4896082ca7f471e037", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Every day when I enter the classroom, I will take ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Every day when I enter the classroom, I will take a look at the wall beside my seat. You will find nothing special about this old wall if you just look at it. But for the students in my class, it is a special wall. Take a good look at it, and you will get to know the real feelings and thoughts of us, the 9th graders. In the middle of the wall, there is a big \"VICTORY\". It was written in pencil. I guess it must have been written by someone who got a good mark in an exam. A little higher above the formulas, there is a poem. It only has two sentences. It reads: All those sweet memories have disappeared. Like tears dropping in the heavy rain. Oh! It must have been written at the end of the last semester in middle school. Classmates had to leave school and good friends had to _ . What a sad poem! If you \"explore\" the wall more carefully, you will find many other interesting things, like a crying face, or a happy face, and other patterns . There are still some patterns and letters that I can't understand, but they all show the feeling of the students who drew them. For years, the wall has witnessed all the things that have happened in the classroom. I don't know how it will be next year, two years from now, or even ten years from now. But I hope more smiling faces will be drawn on it.", "qas": [{"question": "What was the \"VICTORY\" written in?", "id": "b3bbb75cbc6046c48cc62fa83517c0b0", "answers": []}, {"question": "When has the poem been written?", "id": "9ae4a23c3dd8411c81f292a58c310893", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Live Music--Late Night Jazz Enjoy real American ja", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Live Music--Late Night Jazz Enjoy real American jazz from Herbie Davis, the famous trumpet player. Heis known to play well into the late hours, so don't expect to get much sleep. Place: The Jazz Club Dates : 10 - 25 July Price: $ 100 -- 150 Time: 10:30 p.m. till late Tel: 4668736 Scottish Dancing Scottish dancing is nice and easy to learn. The wonderful dance from Britain will beshown. Place: Jack Stein's Dates :12 -19 July Price: $150 Time: 7:00 p.m.-10:00 p.m. Tel: 4021877 Shows in Shanxi Museum There are 12,000 pieces on show here. You can see the whole Chinese history. Place: Shanxi Museum Dates: Jun 1 - Aug 15 Price: $ 60 ( $ 30 for students) Time: Monday - Friday 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Tel : 4886888 Weekends: 9:00 a.m.-9:00 p.m.", "qas": [{"question": "Which number should you call if you like jazz music?", "id": "93ad457d6e1143a9947e4d913a7e9c90", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "China Daily, the national English-language newspap", "paragraphs": [{"context": "China Daily, the national English-language newspaper of China, keeps you in touch with China and the world with our mobile solutions. Now anyone can read our exclusive reports anywhere. Download your favorites! China Daily iPaper Want to read China Daily with your iPhone or iPad? Then look no further than China Daily iPaper. With China Daily iPaper, all sections are presented as full-content digital replicas , in their original layout . The application is free, and you can download your favourite news reports wherever you are. China Daily Digest Since the China Daily Digest application is now available on the iPad App Store, iPad users can read and download China Daily Digest's in-depth news reports, website exclusives and analysis , which will give you unique views on China's economy, society and culture. China Daily News A bridge connecting China and the world, the China Daily iPhone application lets you get the latest information and photos of China wherever you go. Specifically designed to use the characteristics and navigation of the iPhone, this application downloads the latest news of China directly to the device. China Daily Video China Daily Video iPhone application is a window to China, letting you get video products covering all of China's cultural heritages , natural wonders, interviews with famous people and major news events.", "qas": [{"question": "What can we read in all of the four digital products?", "id": "ecad3a15b2ac42fcb484c9e2d1b07702", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Well-known companies are powered by their names an", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Well-known companies are powered by their names and reputations. When people walk into a Pizza Hut in Tokyo, Rome, or Miami, they know exactly what they are getting. Through franchising, an investor can make use of this brand power by opening a Pizza Hut of his or her own. The risk is low, and the rewards can be big. No wonder franchising is such a successful business model. Franchising had been around for more than 100 years, but its popularity took off in the 1950s. Leading the trend were fast food restaurant like McDonald's. These days, there are franchises in more than eighty-five industries, including dry cleaning, hotels and supermarkets. It's a very big business. In the US, there are some 760,000 franchises, totaling more than $1.5 trillion in yearly revenues (income). There are two sides in a franchise: the franchisor--the owner of the business system and the franchisee--the person who licenses the system. After signing a \"franchise agreement\", the franchisee pays a fee. He or she also pays for equipment, supplies, and, if necessary, building costs. The total investment usually ranges from $10,000 to $1,000,000. After the business opens, the franchisee also pays a percentage of sales revenues--called a royalty--to the franchisor. Marking fees must also be paid. In return, the franchisee receives many benefits. Training is among the most common ones. It includes everything from dealing with customers to understanding the company's standards. The franchisor also handles advertising. On top of that, there's the benefit of the brand reputation that the company has built up. All of these benefits make the risk of opening a franchise much smaller than that of starting a business from scratch. However, a franchise can also have drawbacks. If a customer at a single restaurant gets sick, it may hurt every franchise in the system. Running a franchise also means closely following the company's standards. So, one has to give up a degree of independence. You have to do things their way and trust that the system will work. If you want to earn a lot of money from the business, you have to work hard. Also, remember that the monthly royalty must be paid, even if you are losing money. However, there are thousands of opportunities in franchising. They will surely grow as brand recognition becomes more important in the global economy .", "qas": [{"question": "What is the most important factor to make a franchise successful?", "id": "fdb95c176f99436a8a48aaf422d4ac7b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The playwright George Bernard Shaw once said humor", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The playwright George Bernard Shaw once said humorously, \"England and America are two nations divided by a common language. If he were writing today, he might add 'divided by a common technology--- e-mail'\". Two completely different styles of e-mail have formed on either side of the Atlantic-Euromail and Amerimail. Americail is informal and chatty. It's likely to begin with a \"Hi\" and end with a \"Bye\". The chances of Amerimail containing a smiley face or an \"xoxo\" are disturbingly high. We Americans are unwilling to dive into the meat of an e-mail. We feel we have to first inform recipients about our vacation on the island which was really excellent except the jellyfish were biting and the kids caught a cold, so we had to skip the whale watching trip, then about that investors ' meeting in New York. Amerimail is a bundle of contradictions, casual and yet direct, respectful yet over proud. In other words, Amerimail is America. Euromail is stiff and cold often beginning with a formal \"Dear Mr. X\" and ending with a simple \"Sincerely\". You won't find any mention of kids or the weather or jellyfish in Euromail. It's all business. It's also slow. Your correspondent might take days even weeks to answer a message. Euromail is exactly like the Europeans themselves. Recently about 100 managers were asked on both sides of the Atlantic whether they noticed differences in e-mail styles. Most said yes. Here are a few of their observations: \"Americans tend to write (e-mail) exactly as they speak.\" \"Why don't you just call me instead of writing five e-mails back and forth?\" \"Europeans are less interested in checking e-mail\". \"In general, Americans are much more responsive to e-mail--they respond faster and provide more information.\" So which is better, Euromail or Amerimail? I realized it's not popular these days to suggest we have anything to learn from Europeans, but I'm fed up with an inbox filled with casual, barely meaningful e-mails from friends and colleagues. If the alternative is a few earnestly written, carefully worded bits of Euromail, then I say, \"Bring it on.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What are characteristics of Amerimail?", "id": "c7755dee56e64e7a900c716427c9ec24", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I travel a lot, and I find out different \"styles\" ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I travel a lot, and I find out different \"styles\" of directions every time I ask \"How can I get to the post office?\" Foreign tourists are often confused in Japan because most streets there don't have names; in Japan, people use landmarks in their directions instead of street names. For example, the Japanese will say to travelers,\"Go straight down to the corner. Turn left at the big hotel and go past a fruit market. The post office is across from the bus stop. \" In the countryside of the American Midwest, there are not usually many landmarks. There are no mountains, so the land is very flat; in many places there are no towns or buildings within miles. Instead of landmarks, people will tell you directions and distances. In Kansas or Iowa, for example, people will say,\" Go north two miles. Turn east, and then go another mile. \" People in Los Angeles, California, have no idea of distance on the map; they measure distance in time, not miles. \"How far away is the post office?\" you ask. \"Oh,\" they answer,\"it's about five minutes from here. \" You say,\" Yes, but how many miles away is it?\"They don't know. It's true that a person doesn't know the answer to your question sometimes. What happens in such a situation? A New Yorker might say,\" Sorry, I have no idea. \"But in Yucatan, Mexico, no one answers \"I don't know.\" People in Yucatan believe that \"I don't know. \"is impolite. They usually give an answer, often a wrong one. A tourist can get very, very lost in Yucatan !", "qas": [{"question": "What is the place where people measure distance in time?", "id": "095992f594584e6a94dfeb39ed607283", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Shirley Temple Black, who lifted America's spirit ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Shirley Temple Black, who lifted America's spirit as a bright-eyed child movie star during the Great Depression, peacefully passed away at her California home on Monday evening at 85, surrounded by her family and caregivers. Temple, born on April 23, 1928, started her entertainment career in the early 1930s and was famous by age 6. Temple was 3 when her mother put her in dance school, where a talent scout spotted her and got her in Baby Burlesks, a series of short movies with child actors playing in adult movies. Movie studio directors took notice of her and in 1934 she appeared in the film Stand Up and Cheer! and her song and dance caught people's attention. Movies such as Little Miss Marker and Bright Eyes featured her signature song. In 1935, she received a special Oscar for her \"outstanding contribution to screen entertainment\" in the movie Stand Up and Cheer! She made some 40 feature movies, including The Little Colonel, Poor Little Rich Girl, Heidi and Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm, in 10 years, starring with big-name actors like Randolph Scott, Lionel Barrymore and Jimmy Durante. Temple was a superstar before the term was invented. She said she was about 8 when crowds shouting their love for her made her realize she was famous. \"I wondered why,\" she recalled. \"I asked my mother and she said, 'Because your films make them happy.' \" Her child career came to an end at 12. She tried a few roles as a teenager--including opposite future president Ronald Reagan in That Hagen Girl - but retired from the screen in 1949 at 21. Temple was only 17 when she married for the first time to John Agar, who would eventually appear with her in two movies. Their five-year marriage produced a daughter. In 1950 she wed Charles Black in a marriage that lasted until his death in 2005. She and Black had two children. Temple's interest in politics was sparked in the early 1950s when her husband was called back into the Navy to work in Washington.", "qas": [{"question": "For which movie did Shirley Temple win the Oscar?", "id": "938134d184b94bc59910973b15ad5179", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In the Night Garden In a magical forest, colourful", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In the Night Garden In a magical forest, colourful characters have adventures. A mysterious tide of water appears suddenly next to Igglepiggle. He discovers that he can control it by moving his feet. Excited, he takes it to Makka Pakka who finds it very useful indeed. Children Under 5 Today on BBC2 from 11:05am to 11:35am Last of the Summer Wine To relax, Howard tries a simple trick to change his appearance enough to fool even Pearl. But he soon discovers that taking over someone else's identity can be equally dangerous. Comedy Sitcoms Today on G.O.L.D. from 12:40pm to 1: 20pm The Secret Circle Cassie is an orphaned teenager who discovers that not only is she a witch but that she is also the key that will unlock a centuries-old battle between good and evil. When Cassie accepts a cute boy's invitation to the school dance, Adam struggles to control his anger. Today on Sky Living from 10:00pm to 11:00pm The Kid's Speech Eleven-year-olds, Reggie and William, and 14-year-old Bethan, are determined to improve their speech. Along with their parents, they start a unique course at the Michael Palin Centre for Stammering children. Over two weeks, they open up about their fears and frustrations. Documentary Today on BBC1 London from 10:35pm to 11:25pm", "qas": [{"question": "If Mary's little brother is free before noon, which play can he watch?", "id": "5c162a57ee6641f2b222442c6568297d", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which play can be used to inspire children who are afraid to speak in public?", "id": "3a97a9b62ec948aa96022c5b87ef5a58", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "EVERYBODY in this world is different from one anot", "paragraphs": [{"context": "EVERYBODY in this world is different from one another. But do you know that understanding differences can help you better manage your money? As we grow up, we gradually develop a set of our own values or beliefs. These are influenced by society, our family, the education we receive and so on. Once this value system is set up, it's not easy to change later in life. Financial experts say that everyone also has their own belief of how to manage their finances. This is part of our value system and it has a great impact on the way we look after our money. According to our different values, experts put us in three categories. They are: the ant, the cricket and the snail. The ant--works first Just like ants who work heart and soul in summer in order to store food for winter, these people don't care about enjoying the moment. They work very hard and save money they earn so that they can enjoy life when they get old and retire. The ant loves to save but they could make more out of their money if they were willing to invest in some funds and stocks with low risk. The cricket--fun first The cricket wants to enjoy everything now and doesn't think too much about the future. They even borrow money when they really want something. Many young people now belong to this group. These people have little savings. When they get old, they might have problems. They should learn to save and buy insurance. The snail--lives under pressure The snail refers to people who make life difficult for themselves. They take big long-term loans from the bank in order to buy things such as luxury houses. They are happy to take big loans even though they are not sure they can afford it. This can cause problems in the future. They should plan more carefully.", "qas": [{"question": "If you had three dollars, you would spend all of it. Which type do you belong to?", "id": "1e7ea5b9e75442989e7e4d4c3df020bb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Notice Dear Degree-doing International Students, A", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Notice Dear Degree-doing International Students, According to the University's regulations governing the Curriculums of General Education, the curriculum-choosing procedures are as follows: Who All degree-doing international students are required to choose the curriculums related to Chinese Language and Culture. Refer to Item 3 for different arrangements for undergraduate students ,master and doctor students. What curriculum to choose You are required to choose two curriculums related to Chinese Language and Culture that suit your own level and program. The curriculum consists of Elementary Chinese, Intermediate Chinese, and Chinese Culture (Taught in Chinese and English ). Please refer to Attachment 1 for details. How many credits You are required to complete 6 credits for each curriculum within a term. When and How A. Undergraduate students: you are required to complete the curriculum selection process (The system will be reopened next week) by 5:00 p.m. on June 22, 2013. About how to choose the courses, you can refer to Attachment 2 (It is in Chinese; turn to your Chinese friends or teachers for help if you cannot follow the procedures of the attachment) for the instructions. B. Master and Doctor Students: you won't have to complete the curriculum selection until early September; please wait for further notice on the arrangement. Your cooperation will be highly appreciated. Attachment 1: Chinese Language & Culture for International Students Attachment 2: Handbook for Curriculum Selection School of International Education Chongqing University June 13, 2013", "qas": [{"question": "According to the arrangement, who must finish choosing curriculums in June?", "id": "7db444458583490fa21ee34ed68e8466", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Speaking and Reading In learning a foreign languag", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Speaking and Reading In learning a foreign language, one should first pay attention to speaking. It is the groundwork of reading and writing. You'd better try your best to speak. Don't be afraid of making mistakes. While you are doing this, a good exercise is to write --keep a diary, write notes or letters and so on. Many mistakes in your speaking will be easily found when you write. Through correcting the mistakes, you can do better in learning a language. If you are slow in speaking, don't worry. One of the helpful ways is to improve your English by reading, either aloud or low to yourself. The important thing is to choose something interesting to read. It mustn't be too difficult for. When you are reading in this way, don't stop to look up the words if you can guess their meaning of if they are not important to the sentence. You can do that some other time.", "qas": [{"question": "Which is the groundwork while you are learning a foreign language?", "id": "0ba3a6c36b3c496293125c3f57b0eb94", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Perhaps you have heard a lot about the Internet, b", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Perhaps you have heard a lot about the Internet, but what is it, do you know? The Internet is a network. It uses the telephone to join millions of computers together around the world. Maybe that doesn't sound very interesting. But when you're joined to the Internet, there are lots and lots of things you can do. You can send E-mails to your friends, and they can get them in a few seconds. You can also do with all kinds of information on the World Wide Web (www). There are many different kinds of computers now. They all can be joined to the Internet. Most of them are small machines sitting on people's desks at home, but there are still many others in schools, offices or large companies. These computers are owned by people and companies, but no one really owns the Internet itself. There are lots of places for you to go into the Internet. For example, your school may have the Internet. You can use it during lessons or free time. Libraries often have computers joined to the Internet. You are welcome to use it at any time. Thanks to the Internet, the world is becoming smaller and smaller. It is possible for you to work at home with a computer in front, getting and sending the information you need. You can buy or sell whatever you want on the Internet. But do you know 98% of the information on the Internet is in English? So what will English be like tomorrow?", "qas": [{"question": "What is the passage mainly about?", "id": "c6c011131da94bd4b482806b9579b051", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the owner of the Internet?", "id": "58ea354dcdf042ff8b9afa73c5939a48", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Four days after Dad's 67thbirthday, he had a heart", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Four days after Dad's 67thbirthday, he had a heart attack. Luckily, he survived. But something inside him had died. His enthusiasm for life was gone. He refused to follow doctor's orders, and his sour attitude made everyone upset when they visit him. Dad was left alone. So I asked Dad to come to live with me on my small farm, hoping the fresh air would help him adjust. Within a week after he moved in, I regretted the invitation. He criticized everything I did. I became frustrated. Something had to be done. One day I read an article which said when given dogs, depressed patients would be better off. So I drove to the animal shelter that afternoon. As soon as I got there, a pointer's eyes caught my attention. They watched me calmly. A staff member said: \"He got here two weeks ago and we've heard nothing. His time is up tomorrow.\" I turned to the man in horror. \"You mean you're going to kill him?\" \"Ma'am,\" he said gently. \"We don't have room for every unclaimed dog.\" The police's calm brown eyes awaited my decision. \"I'll take him,\" I said. I drove home with the dog on the front seat beside me. I was helping it out of the car when Dad walked onto the front porch. \"Look what I got you!\" I said excitedly. Dad wrinkled his face. \"I don't want it,\" he muttered, turning back towards the house. Then, suddenly, the dog pulled free from my grasp. He sat down in front of my Dad. Dad's anger melted, and soon he was hugging the dog. This was the beginning of a warm friendship. Dad named the dog Cheyenne. Together they spent long hours walking down dusty lanes and relaxing on the banks of streams. Dad's bitterness faded, and he and Cheyenne went on to make many friends. Then, late one night two years later, I felt Cheyenne's cold nose burrowing through my bed covers. He had never before come into my bedroom at night. I ran into my father's room and found that he had passed away. Two days later, my shock and grief deepened when I discovered Cheyenne lying dead beside Dad's bed. As I buried him near their favorite stream, I silently thanked the dog for restoring Dad's peace of mind.", "qas": [{"question": "Which section of a newspaper is the source of the passage?", "id": "2dbe8f97d9a24739b3b50a5f168d22b4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "On August18,2012,the White House staff prepared fo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "On August18,2012,the White House staff prepared for a special group of guests. The First Lady was hosting an important lunch. At 10 o'clock, her guests arrived. Fifty-four children, each with a parent or grandparent, walked into the White House. The lucky guests were the winners of the Healthy Lunchtime Challenge. It was a contest created by the First Lady a few months ago. She asked kids ages 8 to 12 to think up healthy, delicious lunch recipes. Winners from across the country, one from every state, were brought to Washington D.C, for the \"state dinner\". At the start of the meal, the First Lady welcomed her guests and congratulated them on winning the contest. \"You were the winner in your state---the whole state,\" she said. \"You guys won! Cool!\" She also explained what made the recipes win. \"You came up with dishes that are good for you, but more importantly, they taste good, too,\" she said. Just before the dessert time, Michelle stood up to make an announcement. \"We have a special guest who wanted to stop by and say hello,\" she explained. \"So it's my honor to introduce the President of the United States.\" The President walked to each table, shaking hands with the winners and their family members. For the kids, this was _ .\" It was amazing to watch the President,\" Kayla, one winner said. \"His visit was a surprise and that 's a really big meal.\"", "qas": [{"question": "How many winners were there in each state?", "id": "fc74e7d8aee64a44b6dad01954a34b90", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Raytown Branch of Mid-Continent Public Library", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Raytown Branch of Mid-Continent Public Library is offering the following activities for the month of March. The library is located at 6131 Raytown Road. All activities are free, but registration is required. Tax Help for Seniors 10 a.m. Mondays and Wednesdays. AARP Tax-Aide representatives will be at the Library to assist seniors with medium to low incomes with tax questions and free tax return preparation. Time listed indicates starting time. Teen Games 2 p.m. March 2. Challenge yourself, challenge your friends. Movie Classics For adults, 2 p.m. March 4. Join us for an afternoon of nostalgia as we watch classic films. Call to see what's showing. KC Zoomobile Africa, for ages 5 and older, 11 a.m. March 5. Join the Kansas City Zoo for an African adventure. We will share African culture as well as show you an animal or two. Come with us to learn something new about Africa. Kids at the Library For ages 6 and older, 11 a.m. March 12. Discover, create, and play. Explore big ideas in a new way. Chess Free Play For ages 6 and older, 1 p.m. March 12. Play chess, learn the basics, brush up on your chess skills, challenge other players at Free Chess Play at the library. The Raytown Branch, in cooperation with the Raytown High School Chess Team coaches, will be hosting chess on the second Saturday of the month from 1 to 3 p.m. Chess boards and chess pieces will be provided. Eggstravaganza Noon March 26. Join us for story time with Mayor Mike McDonough, as we take part in Raytown's Easter festivities. After the stories, the Easter Bunny will escort the children across the street for an Easter egg hunt.", "qas": [{"question": "Which activity is more likely to develop imagination and creativity?", "id": "26dd6dadae034edfb1cbcbba7eac9b13", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Say Yes to Reading Write a one-page report titled ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Say Yes to Reading Write a one-page report titled \"The Best Book I Read This Year\" and enter it in the Boy's Life 2012 \"Say Yes to Reading!\" contest. The book can be fiction or nonfiction. But the report has to be in your own words-- 500 words tops. Enter in one of these three age categories : * 8 years old and younger * 9 and 10 years old * 11 years old and older First-place winners in each age category will receive a $100 gift certificate good for any product in the Boy Scouts official retail catalog . Second-place winners will receive a $75 gift certificate and third-place winners a $50 gift certificate. Everyone who enters will get a free patch . In coming years, you'll have the chance to earn different patches. The contest is open to all Boys' Life readers. Be sure to include your name, address, age and grade in school on the entry. Send your report to: Boys' Life Reading Contest S306 P.O. Box 152079 Irving, TX 75015-2079 Entries must be postmarked by Dec. 31, 2012 and must include entry information and a self-addressed, stamped envelope. Winners of the 2011 reading contest will be announced in the July 2012 issue of Boys' Life magazine. And the 2010 first-place winners are: 8 YEARS OLD AND YOUNGER Tyler Bergmann chose \"Can You Keep a Secret?\" by PJ Petersen as his favorite book. \"It talks about honesty and the importance of being trust-worthy, which really matter between friends,\" Tyler writes. 9 AND 10 YREARS OLD Nathaniel Griffis read \"The 39 Clues: The Maze of Bones\" by Rick Riordan. Writes Nathaniel: \"As I read, I learned about places I have never been and things I have only imagined.\" 11 YEARS OLD AND OLDER Devin MacGoy, 12 chose \"The Red Badge of Courage\" by Stephen Grane. \"A reader can take away many lessons,\" Devin writes.", "qas": [{"question": "Who learns something about friendship from reading a book?", "id": "ae458ba304ee499faf26a5877bdbb362", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Geneva Tourist Guide Universal compact app for iPh", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Geneva Tourist Guide Universal compact app for iPhone 6 / iPhone 6 Plus / iPhone 5 / iPhone / iPod / iPad GENEVA TOURIST GUIDE with attractions, museums, restaurants, bars, hotels, theatres and shops with traveler reviews and ratings, pictures, rich travel information, prices and opening hours. Discover what's on and places to visit in Geneva with our new cool app. It will guide you to top attractions and shopping malls, and tell you directions to hotels, bars, and restaurants. This is an all-in-one app for all the local attractions. Our travel guide to Geneva features up-to-date information on attractions, hotels, restaurants, shopping, nightlife, travel tips and more. Highlights: * Geneva Information -- Overview, climate, geography, history and travel * Attractions -- Ancient sites, beaches, botanical gardens, coffee farms, museums, scenic drives, towns, waterfalls, religious and historical sites, etc. * Hotels -- From luxury hotels to budget accommodations, including reviews, price comparison, address and more. * Map -- It is an interactive map and get turn-by-turn driving directions. Find traffic details, road conditions, street maps, multi map, satellite photos, and aerial maps. Allow you to easily search and find local businesses with directions. * Gallery -- Picture galleries of Geneva's most beautiful sights, interesting events, unusual occasions and more. * POI Search -- Search everything at Geneva. Enter any keyword or name to search. Find Name, address, distance, route map, call, and directions to every business location. * Translator -- Supports 52 languages, Large text Translation. * World Clock -- All major cities of the world (1000 Cities).", "qas": [{"question": "What is Geneva Tourist Guide?", "id": "3e6c2b6a49664c9cae2a04577777d72c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "More than 6000 children were expelled from US scho", "paragraphs": [{"context": "More than 6000 children were expelled from US schools last year for bringing guns and bombs to school, the US Department of Education said on May 8. The department gave a report on the expulsions as saying handguns accounted for 58 percent of the 6093 expulsions in 2005--2006, against 7 percent for rifles or shotguns and 35 percent for other types of firearms. \"the report is a dear sign that our nation's public schools are cracking down\" on students who bring guns to school, \" Education Secretary Richard Riey said in a statement. \"We need to be tough-minded about keeping guns out of our schools and do everything to keep our children safe.\" In March 2006, a 1l-year-old boy and a 13-year-old boy using handguns and rifles shot dead four children and a teacher at a school in Jonesboro, Arkansas. In October, two were killed and seven wounded in a shooting at a Mississippi school. Two months later, a 14-year-old boy killed three high school students and wounded five in Daducab, Kentucky. \"Most of the expulsions, 56 percent were from high schools, which have students from about age 13, 34 percent were from junior high schools and 9 percent were from elementary schools\", the report said.", "qas": [{"question": "How many students were shot dead in 2006 in US schools?", "id": "2d0dcdcec16f41cebd3f54f37be3c3fa", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"As sure as you're alive now, Peter Rabbit, some d", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"As sure as you're alive now, Peter Rabbit, some day I will catch you,\" shouted Reddy Fox, as he put his black nose in the hole between the roots of the Big Hickory-tree which grows close to the Smiling Pool. \"It is lucky for you that you were not one jump farther away from this hole.\" Peter, safe inside that hole, didn't have a word to say, or, if he did, he didn't have breath enough to say it. It was quite true that if he had been one jump farther from that hole, Reddy Fox would have caught him. As it was, the hairs on Peter's funny white tail actually had tickled Reddy's back as Peter ran wildly through the root-bound entrance to that hole. It had been the narrowest escape Peter had had for a long, long time. You see, Reddy Fox had surprised Peter eating sweet clover on the bank of the Smiling Pond, and it had been a lucky thing for Peter that hole, dug long ago by Johnny Chuck's grandfather, had been right where it was. Also, it was a lucky thing that old Mr. Chuck had been wise enough to make the entrance between the roots of that tree in such a way that it could not be dug any larger. Reddy Fox was too shrewd to waste any time trying to dig it larger. He knew there wasn't room enough for him to get between those roots. So, after trying to make Peter as uncomfortable as possible by telling him what he, Reddy, would do to him when he did catch him, Reddy walked across the Green Meadows. Peter remained where he was for a long time. When he was quite sure that it was safe to do so, he crawled out and hurried to the Old Orchard. He felt that that would be the safest place for him, because there were ever so many hiding places in the old stone wall along the edge of it.", "qas": [{"question": "Where is Peter Rabbit hiding?", "id": "a919542e313e440aaab5256e52794973", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "How men first learnt to invent words is unknown; i", "paragraphs": [{"context": "How men first learnt to invent words is unknown; in other words, the origin of language is a mystery. All we really know is that men, unlike animals, somehow invented certain sounds to express thoughts and feelings, actions and things, so that they could communicate with each other; and that later they agreed upon certain signs, called letters. These letters could be combined to represent those sounds, and which could be written down. Those sounds, whether spoken, or written in letters, we call words. The power of words, then, lies in their associations---the things they bring up before our minds. Words become filled with meaning for us by experience, and the longer we live, the more certain words recall to us the glad and sad events of our past; and the more we read and learn, the more the number of words that mean something to us increases. Great writers are those who not only have great thoughts but also express these thoughts in words which appeal powerfully to our minds and emotions. This charming and telling use of words is what we call literary style. Above all, the real poet is a master of words. He can convey his meaning in words which sing like music and which by their position and association can move men to tears. We should therefore learn to choose our words carefully and use them accurately, or they will make our speech silly and vulgar .", "qas": [{"question": "What does this passage primarily concern?", "id": "9c3f8d59f7e844ec99a5e718d3b93605", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "More than one in eight U. S. adults finds it hard ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "More than one in eight U. S. adults finds it hard to stay away from the Internet for several days at a time and about one in eleven tries to hide his or her online habit, according to a study showed on Tuesday. The study by researchers from the Stanford University School of Medicine in California found one in eight adults admitted they needed to spend less time online, saying this showed \"problematic Interact use\" is present in a sizable portion of the population. The study involved a nationwide telephone survey of 2,581 respondents in the spring and summer of 2004 with researchers then examining the data and preparing the report which appears in the October issue of CNS Spectrums. The survey found that 68.9 percent of respondents were regular Internet users and 13.7 percent of the users found it hard to stay offline for several days at a time. It found 12.4 percent often stayed online longer than intended, more than 12 percent said they saw a need to cut back on their Internet use, and 8.7 percent tried to conceal \"non-essential \"Internet use from family, friends and employers. A smaller number, 8.2 percent, said they use the Internet to escape problems or a bad mood, while 5.9 percent felt their relationships suffered because of too much Internet use. One report published earlier this year said that 5 percent to 10 percent of the population likely will experience Internet addiction . It said signs include a disregard for health or appearance, lack of sleep and reducing physical activities and social communications with others, as well as dry eyes and juries of hands and fingers.", "qas": [{"question": "Those who try to hide their habit of addition to the Interact make up of the respondents.", "id": "6028a7c9ff694fab95089e4e73da9f98", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "New software is able to analyze exactly how many h", "paragraphs": [{"context": "New software is able to analyze exactly how many hairs there are in a patch of skin and could help in testing the effectiveness of baldness treatments and depilatory creams, say Australian researchers. Researchers from CSIRO Mathematical and Information Sciences in prefix = st1 /Sydneyreport their findings in the November issue of the journalSkin Research and Technology. The software, developed with a UKcompany, will make it easier for researchers developing hair removal creams to accurately assess how well they work, says Dr Pascal Vallotton. \"Up to now they were counting the number of hairs that survived after treatment by hand. That's hard work and it's difficult because you may count a hair twice or you may miss it.\" he said. The software relies on images captured by a small flatbed scanner pressed onto the skin. Using a mathematical algorithm , the software then identifies and traces each individual hair based on an understanding of a hair's unique features, such as its straightness. The software is able to distinguish between hairs and other features on the skin such as wounds or moles . \"Our skin irregularities make it difficult to say this is a hair or this is a mole,\" Dr Vallotton said. Comparison between earlier and later images can also determine if hair is growing quickly or slowly, he says. Unfortunately, to check the accuracy of the software, the researchers still had to adopt the old-fashioned method of counting hairs, helped by volunteers from neighboring labs who put their skins on the line for science. \"We had 12 volunteers, mostly from neighboring labs, and we acquired images of hair before and after treatment,\" Dr Vallotton said. To ensure an accurate count, the individual hairs had to be marked off as they were counted, but after such a laborious process, the researchers were pleased to discover the software results were comparable to the manual count. Dr Vallotton says the software could also be useful in testing the effectiveness of balding treatments and counting or tracing substances other than hairs, that are long and thin and otherwise difficult to image.", "qas": [{"question": "What plays a key role in counting the number of hairs with the software?", "id": "bdf9859e3f0b4504b81c0d0bcc27ea87", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "BEIJING - Astronomers have defended against rumors", "paragraphs": [{"context": "BEIJING - Astronomers have defended against rumors that the terrible earthquake and the following tsunami in Japan were closely related to or even caused by the \"supermoon\" that will appear in the sky on Saturday. The word \"supermoon\" was introduced in a report by the British newspaper Daily Mail on March 9, which said amateur scientists were warning that such an astronomical phenomenon could disturb the Earth's climate patterns and may even cause earthquakes and volcanic activity. The moon will be 356,577 kilometers from the Earth on Saturday, the closest in 19 years, and the closest point in its oval orbit coincides with a full moon, the report said. However, Saturday's moon is not actually the closest to Earth in 19 years, Tang Haiming, an astronomer with Shanghai Astronomical Observatory under the Chinese Academy of Sciences, told Xinhua News Agency. A shorter distance of 356,570 km between the two bodies was reached in January 2005, and a distance of 356,566 km was seen in December 2008. Yet some people suggest that previous supermoons have occurred prior to extreme weather events. In 1974 the phenomenon was followed by Cyclone Tracy in Darwin, Australia, and in 2005 it occurred shortly before a deadly tsunami in Indonesia. Coincidentally, two fresh disasters happened in Asia right before Saturday's supermoon. The public's concern about their connection with the moon boomed after Japan's terrible earthquake and tsunami and an earthquake in Southwest China's Yunnan province that killed 25 people on March 10. But astronomers are trying to _ people that such rumors are merely unreasonable. \"A supermoon could cause high tides but has no direct relation with natural disasters such as earthquakes,\" Liu Jie, a researcher with the China Earthquake Network Center, told China Daily on Tuesday. \"We can't find any necessary connection between previous supermoons and earthquakes. And the quake in Japan occurred because the Earth's inner energy had accumulated to some extent, and it's not related to the moon. \" he said. James Garvin, chief scientist at the Goddard Space Flight Center under NASA, said in an article on NASA's website that \"the effects on Earth from a supermoon are minor.\"\"The combination of the moon being at its closest to Earth in its orbit, and being in its 'full moon' configuration ( to the Earth and sun), should not affect the inner energy balance of the Earth, since there are lunar tides every day. \" Zhu Jin, curator of the Beijing Planetarium, said\"the moon moves around the earth in a certain path, so each orbit has a perigee - its closest approach, and an apogee - its furthest distance.\"\"A lunar perigee occurs once a month and there are very small differences in distances between perigees,\"he said.\"Those tiny differences are far from enough to cause earthquakes or eruption of a volcano,\"he added.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the real reason for the quake in Japan?", "id": "15df2f8741e74dddb7c7b926296f8909", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Smoggy weather has become common in China. But the", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Smoggy weather has become common in China. But these days, air pollution levels in the north eastern city of Harbin surpassed the previous record levels. The city was essentially shut down after PM2. 5, fine Particulate pollution that is considered hazardous . reached levels of 1000 micrograms per cubic meter-40 times the safety level remended by the World Health Organization. Schools, motorways and an airport were closed on Tuesday as visibility in some areas of the city dropped to less than 10 meters. Photos from Harbin showed residents covering their mouths with masks and scarves, and moving like ghostly shadows through the fog. Cars and motorcycles are moving slowly as traffic came to a standstill with traffic lights barely visible. . Just days previously , the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) classified air pollution as a carcinogen . It stated that there is \" sufficient evidence\" that exposure to outdoor air pollution causes lung cancer and also linked it with an increased risk of bladder cancer. It's said that exposure has increased significantly particularly in \" rapidly industrial countries with large populations\". \"The air we breathe has become polluted with a mixture of cancer-causing substances\" , Dr Kurt Straif , head of the IARC said in a press released. \"We now know that outdoor air pollution is not only a major risk to health in general, but also a leading environmental cause of cancer deaths. \" On the Chinese social media site Weibo , many users complained about the pollution and shared their concerns. References to \"feed people with smog \"have become popular on Weibo and there is a sarcastic play on the expression \"serve the people\" , as the two have a similar pronunciation. \"The impact of air pollution on people will be gradual. There won't be a sudden outbreak of symptoms, but normally three to five days after the smoggy weather occurs, there is a peak in the number of people seeing doctors, \" Deng Ying, a doctor at the Second Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University was quoted as saying.", "qas": [{"question": "When exposed to outdoor air pollution, what kind of disease can be caused?", "id": "a50c2d8081fa4a6f8bb294cdc68d545e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Greenwich is on the River, five miles from the mid", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Greenwich is on the River, five miles from the middle of London, and its history is two thousand years old. The first English people were fishermen there, and they named the place Greenwich, meaning \"green village\". Later the English kings and queens lived at Greenwich in their beautiful places. The name of the earliest palace was Placentia. Its windows were made of glass--the first in England. But trouble was coming to Greenwich. In 1649, a war started in England and for eleven years there was no king. The men who had worked for him at Placentia decided to live in the place themselves. They sold all its beautiful things, and bought small pieces of the palace garden with money. Finally, the war ended and King Charles II came back. But Placentia was falling down. So King Charles built a new and bigger palace, which is now open to the public. At this time, Charles was worried about losing so many of its ships at sea because their sailors did not know how to tell exactly where they were. So in 1675, Charles made John Flamsteed, the first astronomer in England, try to find the answer. Flamsteed worked in a new building on the high ground in Greenwich Park. From it with a telescope which he made himself, Flamsteed could look all round the sky. And he did, night after night, for twenty years. Carrying on Flamsteed's work a hundred years later, an astronomer called Harrison finally made a clock which told the time at sea, and helped sailors to know where they were.You can see Harrison's clock, still working, in Greenwich's museum of the sea. Because of Flamsteed's work, every country in the world now tells its time by Greenwich time.", "qas": [{"question": "What kind of trouble came to Greenwich in 1649?", "id": "cac9bef707534a30ad1ee3a7b317a39f", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who made the first clock which could tell the time at sea?", "id": "8cd03797b7fb41f2a17b2a36d756d282", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "There was a Bulgarian boy who was an exchange stud", "paragraphs": [{"context": "There was a Bulgarian boy who was an exchange student in the USA. He lived with an American family. One day, he went to his room in the evening, and did his homework. His host-mom came to him and asked if he would like to go along to the movies. He wanted to go, so he shook his head from side to side, said \"Yes\". His host-mom did a couple of steps back, and looked puzzled. She thought that he didn't want to go out because he shook his head from side to side. However, he wanted to go out to the movies. Bulgarians shake their heads from side to side when they mean \"yes\". People in other countries shake their heads from side to side when they mean \"no\". Gestures can have different meanings according to different cultures. For example, in America, putting your index finger and your thumb in a circle is commonly used as an OK sign that means everything is all right. However, in France, that sign is used to express \"nothing\" or \"zero\", which can have a negative meaning. Generally speaking, gestures are a type of communication that uses a part of our body, and when speaking with people from other cultures, gestures can be important keys or clues to understand them. However, we need to understand that those gestures vary from culture to culture, and it is necessary for us to have an open mind in understanding the different gestures.", "qas": [{"question": "Why did the Bulgarian boy shake his head from side to side?", "id": "f4452ec14342456d8f311d0d08e9f74a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Normally, about 10 percent of the hair on your hea", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Normally, about 10 percent of the hair on your head is resting (not growing). After a few months, the resting hair falls out and new hair begins to grow in its place. The growing time can last from 2 to 6 years. During the growing period, hair will gain about 1 centimeter a month. It is normal to experience hair loss every day. Some people experience too much hair loss from a variety of causes. Most people _ believe that hair loss is caused by things like stress, scalp ,or wearing hats. With the exception of stress, none of these factors has been proven to be a cause of hair loss. Stress is also not very likely unless you have experienced extreme physical or psychological suffering. This hair loss also doesn't last long. The real cause of hair loss lies with hormonal problems. Hair loss occurs when male or female hormones are out of balance. An imbalance of hormones is usually genetic and cannot be cured. Male and female-pattern baldness is the most common form of hair loss. This is caused by a hormone called DHT, which helps in sexual development. An increase in DHT in a grown-up can lead to hair loss. There are also other causes of hair loss. Blood-thinners, some kind of medicines, and an excess of vitamin A, have all been shown to increase hair loss in certain people. Infections of the scalp can cause hair loss as well as certain diseases like diabetes.", "qas": [{"question": "What is this passage mainly about?", "id": "f4f3d759673a47998848893c38090183", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Stories in Boxes: Britain performing artist Bobby ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Stories in Boxes: Britain performing artist Bobby Baker will present Box Story to conclude the UK performing Arts Festival. Her performances cover various aspects of life: including health, shopping, and educating children. She explores these themes with originality and \"outside the square\". Time: 7:30 pm, December 3-5 Place: North Theater, Beibingmasi Lane, Jiaodaokou, Dongcheng District Tel: 8602-4898 Elvis Story: Le Caoitole De Quebee will bring its production The Elvis Storyto Beijing audiences this month. This remarkable musical production relates the best moments of Elvis Preeley's life and his career. The show is a musical reconstitution of the life of a singer who revolutionized American popular music and become the most famous rock star of the 20th century. Time: 7:30 pm, November 25-28 Place: Poly Theater, Dongsishitiao Tel: 6506-5343, 6413-1321 Soldier's musical: A Soldier's Diary, a Chinese musical describing the life of contemporary soldiers in China, is to be staged for 12 performances by the Song and Dance Essembles of the Political of the Chinese People Liberation Army . Time: 7:30 pm, November 29-December15 Place: China Theatre, Xisanhuan Beilu, Handian District Tel: 6843-0560 Social tolerance: The Italian opera Pagliacci, by Ruggero Leoneavallo ( 1856--1919), is to premiere , performed by Chinese opera singers from China's Central Opera Theatre. A violent opera exploring the limits of social tolerance, the opera premiered in 1892 and gained popularity throughout Europe and America. Within two years, it had been translated into all major European languages including Swedish, Serbo-Croatian and Hebrew. Leoneavallo was a prolific writer, yet none of his other works ever matched the popularity of this opera. Chinese vocal artists include Huang Yuefeng, Wang Feng, Sun Xiewei, Gao Lei and Shen Na, Li Wei is to conduct.. Time: 7:30 pm, November 27 Place: Peking University Concert Hall, Peking University Tel: 6275-1278, 6551-4787", "qas": [{"question": "Which performance covers the life of contemporary soldiers in China?", "id": "e5a4bb71bb8b468abf159b5ae604918c", "answers": []}, {"question": "If Peter is a soldier, which place perhaps would he like to go on November 29?", "id": "2ce377466750403c818229cd87b3170e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It seems that beauty and women are twins.You are j", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It seems that beauty and women are twins.You are joking? No,I do not.Observe for yourself Ads on fashion TV screens,radio programs,magazines,newspapers,and the streets.Whether they have realized it or not, women are surrounded by a sea of fashion.They are taught to think that without beautiful clothes they will grow old and lose their charm.So who dares to neglect dressing up at the cost of their appearance and youth? But I do not agree with the opinion that women have to show their beauty through their looks.The richness of their minds proves to be more beautiful and attractive than their looks.A woman who has experienced many troubles and may be called \"aunt\" or \"granny\" can still keep up her beauty if she has such excellent qualities as knowledge,ability,a kind heart,great courage,concern for others,etc. In addition,old and young,beautiful and ugly are concept.People who keep a young mind will never feel old.Interested in new things and eager to learn more,they keep up with the tide.Plainly dressed women may have a type of beauty that is pure and real.Reading and learning is the best way to keep one youthful.Good books ale rich soil which can feed the flower of one's heart and looks.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the best way for a woman to appear young according to the writer?", "id": "3b3c14ee80f042b9a33406dff07349f4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Have you ever found yourself in this situation: Yo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Have you ever found yourself in this situation: You hear a song you used to sing when you were a child - a bit of nostalgia or \"blast from the past,\" as we say. But it is not a distant childhood memory. The words come back to you as clearly as when you sang them all those years ago. Researchers at the University of Edinburgh studied the relationship between music and remembering a foreign language. They found that remembering words in a song was the best way to remember even one of the most difficult languages. Here is what they did. Researchers took 60 adults and randomly divided them into three groups of 20. Then they gave the groups three different types of \"listen-and-repeat\" learning conditions. Researchers had one group simply speak the words. They had the second group speak the words to a rhythm, or beat. And they asked the third group to sing the words. All three groups studied words from the Hungarian language for 15 minutes. Then they took part in a series of language tests to see what they remembered. Why Hungarian, you ask? Researchers said they chose Hungarian because not many people know the language. It does not share any roots with Germanic or Romance languages, such as Italian or Spanish. After the tests were over, the singers came out on top. The people who learned these new Hungarian words by singing them showed a higher overall performance. They did the best in four out of five of the tests. They also performed two times better than those who simply learned the words by speaking them. Dr. Katie Overy says singing could lead to new ways to learn a foreign language. The brain likes to remember things when they are contained in a catchy 3, or memorable 4, tune 5. Dr. Ludke said the findings could help those who struggle to learn foreign languages. On the University of Edinburgh's website Dr. Ludke writes, \"This study provides the first experimental evidence that a listen-and-repeat singing method can support foreign language learning, and opens the door for future research in this area.\"", "qas": [{"question": "According to the passage which language doesn't share the same root with Germanic or Romance languages?", "id": "0ecadbb34df9461090ee0b4b229b80bc", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A new study suggests that listening to music in th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A new study suggests that listening to music in the office improves the speed and accuracy of tasks such as data entry, proof reading and problem solving. In an office-based experiment, 88 per cent of participants were found to produce their most accurate work when listening to music. The study also found that 81 per cent completed their fastest work when music was played. And it matters what type of music you listen to. For instance, if you're doing your tax returns, then classical music is the most effective as it improves maths skills. Listening to Jessie Jor Justin Bieber could also improve your speed, with 58 per cent of participants completing data entry tasks faster while listening to pop songs. During proof-reading, dance music, such as David Guetta, had the biggest positive impact with participants increasing their speed by 20 per cent compared to tests undertaken with no music at all. Dance music also had a positive effect on spell-checking with a 75 per cent pass rate compared to 68 per cent when no music was played at all. The research, undertaken by Brighton-based Mind lab International, suggests that silent offices may be the least productive. 'The Music Works experiment revealed a positive _ between music and productivity - overall it showed that when listening to music, nine out of 10 people performed better,' said Dr David Lewis, chairman of Mind lab International.", "qas": [{"question": "Supposing you are an office worker doing tax returns, what kind of music can improve your working efficiency?", "id": "cf63a9ab77fa4760838a1f174e65e306", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Women, Race & Class Angela Y Davis PS7.99 Analysin", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Women, Race & Class Angela Y Davis PS7.99 Analysing the differences and similarities between the experiences of black and white women, Davis casts new light on the struggle for human rights. The Words to Say it (an autobiographical novel) Marie Cardinal translated by Pat Goodheart PS7.99 Marie Cardinal's groundbreaking book was the first and remains the complete book about the personal experience of psychoanalysis . It reveals her traumatic childhood and institutionalisation , followed by her escape to the cul-de-sac where her analyst lived. There, for many years, she made the journey towards recovery through Freudian psychoanalysis. A worldwide bestseller, translated into eighteen languages, it remains one of the most highly-praised books of our age. Jade Millie Murray PS4.99 Jade Wilson is smart, young, black and ambitious. And she's just been given the chance of a lifetime - a try-out for the Commonwealth Games swimming team. Jade lives with her mum, Jojo, a successful business woman. Jojo is overprotective of Jade, but she has her reasons. As a young model with a wonderful career ahead of her, she fell pregnant with Jade, and, much as she loves her daughter, she's determined not to let anything get in the way of Jade's success. So when Jade starts dating Dicey, there is hell to pay. Will Jade survive her Mum's constant nagging ? And what if she were to get pregnant - would she, could she, do the same as Jojo and give up her career? As things start hotting up with Dicey, Jade is faced with some very tough choices... . The book is very popular with people all over the world.", "qas": [{"question": "Which book do you buy if you want to read about women's rights?", "id": "0391b9066aad4b67918789d3c9b36931", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Have you ever been to the world's smallest booksto", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Have you ever been to the world's smallest bookstore? The World's Smallest Bookstore,whose official name is just these three words,sits quietly about 100 miles northeast of Toronto. The bookstore is about 10 feet by 10 feet,so it is easy to imagine how tiny it really is.The bookstore is open 24 hours a day.Inside the bookstore are various books,especially literary books and classic authors' works.So if you are looking for something less popular,you may get a bit disappointed there. Another special feature of this bookstore is that each book only costs three dollars.All the expenses are paid on the honor system,which means buyers should make a note of what they've bought and leave their money by themselves.So the tools of the trade in this bookstore are quite simple: pens,papers,light bulbs and a label-maker. In order to catch passers-by's attention,the billboards of the bookstore are several times bigger than the store itself.With these large eye-catchers,many people are willing to stop by and have a visit.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the passage mainly about?", "id": "964749768c4f43f499f3ada8add28958", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "EF (English First) is the world's leading privatel", "paragraphs": [{"context": "EF (English First) is the world's leading privately owned education company. Founded in 1965, EF operates in over 50 countries around the world. We have vacancies for teaching positions across China so if you prefer the fast-paced city life like Shanghai, we probably have the position for you. We have both Kids&Teens schools and Adult schools in over 60 cities in China. Teaching at English First At English First, you'll be provided the resources to become the best teacher you can be. Our new and color1ful classrooms offer state-of-the-art technology including Internet-connected computers, interactive whiteboards and iPads. We also offer a world-class teacher development program with certification courses to our teachers to help them move into more senior positions within EF. Join the EF Teacher Network today Join a supportive community of EF staff and teachers from day one. We're here to provide the support you need every step of the way, from preparing your legal work visa to airport pickup. Learn how to order food in Chinese with our free language classes or attend a weekly teacher social sponsored by the company. There's so much to experience living abroad and you'll experience it to the fullest with EF. Requirements A bachelor's degree A TEFL Certificate (EF TEFL sponsorship available) Passport holders from the UK, the USA, Canada, Ireland, Australia, South Africa or New Zealand The ability to obtain a clear background check The ability to live abroad for at least one year Your benefits package 12,000-13,500 RMB monthly, based on qualifications 10 paid annual leave days plus 11 national holidays Airport pickup upon arrival Free hotel accommodation during your first two weeks at EF Free Mandarin Chinese lessons", "qas": [{"question": "What should an applicant have to get the position?", "id": "876749fd73864e5d9872969466cad36b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Patti Page, the top-selling female artist of the 1", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Patti Page, the top-selling female artist of the 1950s with more than 100 million records sold, died on January 2nd, 2013, when she was 85. She was one of the most beloved singers of the post-war era. Take her \"Tennessee Waltz\" for example, it sold more than 10 million copies and was her biggest hit . Born in Claremore, Oklahoma, a small town near Tulsa, Page once dreamed of a career in commercial art. Her first job in the art department at a local radio station soon led to her performing 15-minute program on her own. At age 20, Page was discovered by big-band leader Jack Rael, who gave up his job to become her manager. The next year, she signed her first recording contract with Mercury Records and enjoyed her first hit record soon. She stayed with Mercury for the next 14 years and recorded hit after hit including: \"With My Eyes Wide Open, I'm Dreaming\" and \"Old Cape Cod\". Her last hit was \"Hush... Hush, Sweet Charlotte\" , recorded for the Bette Davis movie of the same name. And then, there was \"Doggie in the Window\". The creative tune was a huge hit, but with its repeated barking sounds and silly lyrics , the song has been used by many people as an example of all that was wrong with pop music in the early 1950s. Throughout the 1950s, Patti Page made regular appearances on a variety of television shows and in 1957 she was chosen to host the musical program \"The Big Record\". The following year, Page appeared in her own CBS television series \"The Patti Page Show\". She continued to record and perform into the 21st century, most recently releasing an album of songs for children, a Christmas record, and a new \"best of\" collection. Besides music, Patti Page did a bit of acting. She co-starred with the Oscar-winning Burt Lancaster in \"Elmer Gantry\", and also starred on stage in the musical play \"Annie Get Your Gun\".", "qas": [{"question": "According to the passage, which one of her following recorded songs was criticized ?", "id": "92b7dc260e3d4ceca0ed32a517a708a3", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I was sure that I was to be killed. I became terri", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I was sure that I was to be killed. I became terribly nervous. I fumbled in my pockets to see if there were any cigarettes, which had escaped their search. I found one and because of my shaking hands, I could barely get it to my lips. But I had no matches, they had taken those. I looked through the bars at the guard. He did not make eye contact with me. I called out to him \"Have you got a light?\" He looked at me, shrugged and came over to light my cigarette. As he came close and lit the match, his eyes unconsciously locked with mine. At that moment, I smiled. I don't know why I did that. Perhaps it was nervousness, perhaps it was because, when you get very close, one to another, it is very hard not to smile. In any case, I smiled. In that instant, it was as though a spark jumped across the gap between our two hearts, our two human souls. I know he didn't want to, but my smile leaped through the bars and caused a smile on his lips, too. He lit my cigarette but stayed near, looking at me directly in the eyes and continuing to smile. I kept smiling at him, now thinking of him as a person and not just a guard. \"Do you have kids?\" he asked. \"Yes, here, here.\" I took out my wallet and nervously fumbled for the pictures of my family. He, too, took out the pictures of his family and began to talk about his plans and hopes for them. My eyes were filled with tears. I said that I feared that I'd never see my family again, never have the chance to see them grow up. Tears came to his eyes, too. Suddenly, without another word, he unlocked my cell and silently led me out. Out of the prison, quietly and by back routes, out of the town. There, at the edge of town, he released me. And without another word, he turned back toward the town.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the most important factor in saving the man's life?", "id": "22321b5dc49b46d09474d979430238a6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Do you know of anyone who uses the truth to deceiv", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Do you know of anyone who uses the truth to deceive ? When someone tells you something that is true, but leaves out important information that should be included, he can give you a false picture. For example, some might say, \"I just won a hundred dollars on the lottery . It was great. I took that dollar ticket back to the store and turned it in for one hundred dollars!\" This guy's a winner, right? Maybe, maybe not. We then discover that he bought $200 worth of tickets, and only one was a winner. He's really a big loser! www. .com He didn't say anything that was false, but he left out important information on purpose. That's called a half-truth. Half-truths are not technically lies, but they are just as dishonest. Some politicians often use this trick. Let's say that during Governor Smith's last term, her state lost one million jobs and gained three million jobs. Then she seeked another term. One of her opponents said, \"During Governor Smith's term, the state lost one million jobs!\" That's true. However, an honest statement would have been, \"During Governor Smith's term, the state had a net gain of two million jobs.\" Advertisers will sometimes use half-truths. It's against the law to make false statements so they try to mislead you with the truth. An advertisement might say, \"Nine out of ten doctors advised their patients to take Yucky Pills to cure toothache.\" It fails to mention that they only asked ten doctors and nine of them work for the Yucky Company. This kind of deception happens too often. Lies are lies, and sometimes the truth can lie as well, which is a sad fact of life.", "qas": [{"question": "How much did the lottery winner lose?", "id": "34ca4ed8b57841be97c100de9f1db831", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Two new studies suggest that modern running shoes ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Two new studies suggest that modern running shoes could increase the risk of injuries to runners. One study involved sixty-eight healthy young women and men who ran at least twenty-four kilometers a week. The runners were observed on a treadmill machine . Sometimes they wore running shoes. Other times they ran barefoot . Researchers from the JKM Technologies company in Virginia, the University of Virginia and the University of Colorado did the study. They found that running shoes create more stress that could damage knees, hips and ankle joints than running barefoot. They observed that the effect was even greater than the effect reported earlier for walking in high heels. The study appeared in the official scientific journal of The American Academy of Physical Medicine. The other study appeared in the journal Nature. It compared runners in the United States and Kenya. The researchers were from Harvard University in Massachusetts, Moi University in Kenya and the University of Glasgow in Scotland. They divided the runners into three groups. One group had always run shoeless. Another group had always run with shoes. And the third group had changed to shoeless running. Runners who wear shoes usually come down heel first. That puts great force on the back of the foot. But the study found that barefoot runners generally land on the front or middle of their foot. That way they ease into their landing and avoid striking their heel. Harvard's Daniel Lieberman led the study. He says the way most running shoes are designed may explain why those who wear them land on their heels. The heel of the shoe is bigger and heavier than other parts of the shoe, so it would seem more likely to come down first. Also, the heel generally has thick material under it to soften landings. But the researchers do not suggest that runners immediately start running barefoot. They say it takes some training. And there can be risks, like running when your feet are too cold to feel if you get injured. The study was partly supported by Vibram, which makes a kind of footwear that it says is like running barefoot. The findings have gotten a lot of attention. But the researchers say there are many problems in the way the press has reported in their paper. So they have tried to explain their findings on a Harvard Website.", "qas": [{"question": "Which part of our body could be injured if we run in running shoes?", "id": "f6a657c11c844132ba7641270415e7c6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "To begin your expedition of wonder, get yourself a", "paragraphs": [{"context": "To begin your expedition of wonder, get yourself a driver's license at your local department of motor vehicles, then rent a car and take off for New Hampshire's Crawford Notch State Park. This beautiful park is abundant in wildlife, natural vegetation and running rivers falling from high cliffs. It is a place of spectacular mountain views, hiking trails, waterfalls and fishing locations. All you need to do is jump in your rented car or SUV and head for the sunset! Okay, so you've just finished those crazy summer final exams and you're exhausted from all of the stress. That's okay because New Hampshire's State Park also offers a perfect way to recover at Coney's Flume Park where visitors can ride all the rapids in a hollowed out log, eat hotdogs and play on the amusement tides. Good times will be had no matter what your preference at Dry River Campground, which offers wood cabins, showers, electricity, flush toilets, laundry and fire rings. It's like a home away from home, so gather your camping gear and head for the journey! Lake Winnipesaukee If you're stuck on figuring out how to access your own wheels, how about finding a bus to take you to Weirs Beach? There are fall leaves tours running in the fall through the end of October. Let the captain do the driving while you enjoy the colors along the shoreline and the mountainsides. If you can't find some peace of mind from those nasty final exams while relaxing in your lakeside cottage, take a cruise and go fishing, go bird sightseeing, or just kick back in a rented boat and let the coo of the birds wash your troubles away. No matter where you go in New Hampshire, you'll meet the most friendly people you can imagine. Do dive into that rental car or SUV, take off for a vacation to New Hampshire and treat yourself to one of America's most beautiful states. Enjoy!", "qas": [{"question": "Where can you enjoy riding on logs?", "id": "34e636bd3ae6459fb23013a06b1dc446", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "MERS, also known as Middle East Respiratory Syndro", "paragraphs": [{"context": "MERS, also known as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, has made its way to the US. The second patient was in Orlando, Florida while the first reported case was in Indiana. Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said the disease has mainly been transmitted by close personal contact, such as directly caring for a very ill person. The virus is formally called MERS-CoV because it's part of the corona virus family that includes the common cold and severe SARS. SARS was ly easy to stop a decade ago, because it was being transmitted by caged animals in Chinese markets. MERS-CoV was first identified in people in 2012, but has been spreading rapidly since March, 2015. The vast majority of those cases occurred in Saudi Arabia. The patient in Orlando felt ill on the first flight but not ill enough to notify a doctor. Early on May 9, he apparently became concerned that he was still feeling ill, and he went to the emergency room at Dr. P. Phillips Hospital. He identified himself as recently having been in Saudi Arabia, so he was quickly isolated to avoid infecting other patients. Wayne Marasco, an expert at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School, said his biggest concern about MERS-CoV is how little we know about it. It's still not clear, in some instances, where the virus comes from, how it is transmitted or who is most subject.", "qas": [{"question": "According to Tom Frieden, how is a person mainly infected by MERS?", "id": "b376d6154e254be6994c33a720022755", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "On October 19, 1959, the first Special English pro", "paragraphs": [{"context": "On October 19, 1959, the first Special English program was broadcast on the Voice of America. It was an experiment. The goal was to communicate by radio in clear and simple English with people whose native language is not English. Experts said the goal was admirable, but the method would not work. They were proved wrong. The Special English programs quickly became some of the most popular on VOA. And they still are. Forty years later, Special English continues to communicate with people who are not fluent in English. But during the years its role has expanded. It also helps people learn American English. And it provides listeners, even those who are native English speakers, with information they cannot find elsewhere. Today, Special English broadcasts around the world seven days a week, five times a day. Each half-hour broadcast begins with ten minutes of the latest news followed by 20 minutes of feature programming. There is a different short feature every weekday about science, development, agriculture and environment, and on the weekend, about news events and American idioms. Three elements make Special English unique. It has a limited vocabulary of 1500 words. Most are simple words that describe objects, actions or emotions. Some are more difficult. They are used for reporting world events and describing discoveries in medicine and science. Special English is written in short, simple sentences that contain only one idea. No idioms are used. And Special English is spoken at a slower pace, about two-thirds the speed of Standard English. This helps people learning English hear each word clearly. It also helps people who are English speakers understand complex subjects. Through the years, Special English has become a very popular tool for teaching English, even though it was not designed as teaching program. It succeeds in helping people learn English in a non-traditional way. Individuals record the programs and play them over and over to practice their listening skills. In countries around the world, English teachers assign Special English to their students. They praise it for improving their students' ability to understand American English and for the content of the programs. Universities and private companies in many countries produce packages of Special English materials for student use.", "qas": [{"question": "What kind of English is spoken on Special English?", "id": "8aa02a1b567f48d4a6229dc4bee45f3c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The 2016 Summer Olympics, officially known as the ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The 2016 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad, is a major international multi-sport event. The host city of the Games will be Rio de Janeiro, Brazil as announced at the 121st IOC Session held in Copenhagen, Denmark, on October 2, 2009. They are scheduled to be held from August 5 to 21, 2016, making them the first Summer Olympics to be held during the host city's wintertime. This will mark the first time a South American city hosts the event, and also the first time a Portuguese-speaking country hosts the event. \"The world has recognized that the time has come for Brazil,\" said President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. There have been questions about Rio's bid because of the high level of violence which so often scars the city's image, but in one glorious moment that was all set to one side for a truly Brazilian party. In his speech earlier, President Lula had promised, \"Rio will deliver an unforgettable Games. You will see for yourselves the passion, the energy and the creativity of the Brazilian people.\" \"It will not be just Brazil's Games but South America's. It will serve to inspire the 180 million young people on the continent. It is time to redress the balance. It is time to light the Olympic flame in a tropical country.\" Rio plants to stage all the competitions inside the city, bringing \"dynamics to the Games and facilitating the athletes' interaction,\" according to the bid website. The 2016 Summer Olympic programme features 28 sports and a total of 42 disciplines.", "qas": [{"question": "Where did Brazil win the bidding for the 2016 Olympics?", "id": "009330749e4e4f8597436931b9b6bf1f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Campers Gene and Marie Marsden took pride in being", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Campers Gene and Marie Marsden took pride in being good citizens when in the wild. While driving miles to the Green River Lakes area, they taught their children what they had learned in the bear safety handbook put out by the Bridger-Teton Forest Service. Mr. and Mrs. Marsden did their best to keep a tidy camp. As the handbook had said to hang all food at least ten feet off the ground and four feet out from the trees, they did that and locked their food in their trailer at night. It was already dark when they went to bed, but they _ the campsite with flashlights, making sure nothing was left out. Following the bear book's advice, they slept a hundred yards from where they cooked their food, and kept the car near their tents, separated from the trailer, which they left up at the other camp. The Marsdens liked having their dog Spike on guard. But on the first night, Spike would not stop barking. When Marie Marsden pulled the tent open and shone her flashlight, she saw a young bear. They all piled into the car and drove quickly down the path, calling out of the window to Spike and abandoning the trailer. They drove to a pay phone and called a Fish and Game Department guard, who identified the bear by the white ring of the fur the Marsdens had seen around his neck. The authorities informed the Marsdens that the bear was a young male that they'd been keeping an eye on. The next morning, the Marsdens heard helicopters circling over the mountain and wondered if it might have something to do with the bear. After spending the night in the public campground, they drove back to their site. Wandering the area in search of clues, Marie came to a stop below a tall tree. She slapped her head and shouted, \"Oh no!\" \"What is it?\" Gene asked. Marie pointed at the ground where Spike's dog food bowl lay upside down. A week after their return home, the Marsdens read the headline in their local paper. \"Bear Killed in Wind Rivers.\" According to the article, the Fish and Game Department had shot the young bear because, having been rewarded for invading a human campsite, it would likely to do so again. The Marsdens knew they had been lucky in the encounter, yet much to their shame and sadness, they also knew that the bear had not.", "qas": [{"question": "Who is mostly to blame for the bear's death according to the writer?", "id": "fc075be7c8ca47e7bec09770a683aef7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Below is a web page from Google. Olympic--Modern O", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Below is a web page from Google. Olympic--Modern Olympic Games The completer results archive of summer and winter Olympic Games, with winners lists, statistics, national anthems and flags of all countries since 1896. Www. Olympic. it/english/home-16k Environment Beijing steel plants to run at the lowest level of cost during 2008 Olympics [2007-03-11] Beijing able to treat 90 pct of waste water [2007-02-05] *Air quality in Beijing has improved over the past six years [2007-02-01]*Green Olympics dream coming true ... en. Beijing2008.com/80/67/column211716780.shtml-52k prefix = st1 /Beijing announces planned route of Olympic torch relay Beijing announced the 2008 Olympic Games torch relay route and set off the Olympic Games torch on Thursday. ... Green Olympics is one of the three concepts of the Beijing Games. ... english.china.com/zh _ cn/news/sports/110592227/14069663.html-26k Environmental Symbol of BeijingOlympics --'Green Olympics' Environmental Symbol of BeijingOlympics --'Green Olympics', officially announced on Saturday, 24 September 2005. The symbol, created using a calligraphic art form, is composed of human and tree-like shapes, ... my.opera.com/green _ head/blog/show.dml/92155-18k Green Olympics Forum In Beijing 2004 On behalf of BOCOC, Wang Wei, executive vice president of BOCOC, gave a presentation about Green Olympics, introduced the environment protection work of BMC and BOCOC, and answered several questions such as protection of cultural relics ... en.beijing2008.com/84/91/article211929184.shtml-36k Olympic Games Quizzes and Olympic Games Trivia Who was the founder of the Modern Olympics? In which cities were the modern Olympic Games due to be held/ scheduled during the 'war years', i.e., 1916, 1940, and 1944? ... In which three years of the Modern Olympic Games were ... More questions ... www.funtrivia.com/quizzes/sports/ olympic _ games.html-12k OFFICIAL WEBSITE OF THE OLYMPIC MOVEMENT ... aimed at young researchers engaged in scholarly research on the Olympic Movement, its history and values, and the impact of the ...[ Full story] SPORT ACCORD[2005-01-23]... www.olympic.org Ancient Olympic Heritage and Modern Olympic Games in Athens 2004 As put forward in the various official texts, the Olympic symbols of ancient Olympia, the Olympic flame and the Marathon race are bridges between the ancient and the modern Olympic Games, ... www.c2008.org/rendanews/knowledge _ detail.asp?id=911-106k", "qas": [{"question": "Which website provides a complete list of the winners in the Olympic Games?", "id": "61b096a2fb034cd58cb05ba574201273", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Aquatic Adventures! Help Us Get Ready for Showtime", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Aquatic Adventures! Help Us Get Ready for Showtime! Trainer Program What does it take to work with seals or sea lions? Find out with Atlantis Marine World's Trainer Program and go behind the scenes with our Marine Mammal staff and: .Learn how we train our animals and help train our sea lions to learn how to paint .Go into the seal exhibit with trainers .Join in a seal training period - and get to pet and feed one of our harbor seals .Help prepare food for seals .Attend our Sea Lion Show .Get a kiss from sea lion, Java - and take home a photo Summer Adventure Days - Camp! Atlantis Style! Our camp program adds interactive excitement to your child's summer vacation. Children ages 3 to 14 discover the wonders of the sea environment through age - appropriate activities. Pirate Snorkel Adventure Yo-ho-ho, this is a whole lot of fun! Join us this summer for our interactive Pirate Snorkel Adventure and help Captain Poseidon locate missing treasure. While searching our lake, don't miss tropical fish from all around the world. When you're done, you'll walk away with some booty of your own - a $2.00 game card and a pirate eye patch featuring our very own Jolly Poseidon! Smooth Sailing: Taste Long Island Wine Cruise Now Accepting Reservations! Experience the magic of Taste Long Island, a Saturday evening wine and cheese cruise aboard the Atlantis Explorer Tour Boat. Featuring local wines, this adventure along the Peconic River is a relaxing way to enjoy both beautiful scenery and fine wines. Guests 21 and older only. Members and Green Key Cardholders enjoy 25%off.", "qas": [{"question": "In which activity will you get something as a reward?", "id": "7ba1597a2bcc4fcb8128668ebb966519", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A friend of mine was fond of drawing horse. He dre", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A friend of mine was fond of drawing horse. He drew the horses very well, but he always began the tail. Now it is the Western rule to begin at the head of the horse, that is why I was surprised. It struck me that it could not really make any difference whether the artist begins at the head or the tail or the belly or the foot of the horse, if he really knows his business. And most great artists who really know their business do not follow other people's rule. They make their own rules. Every one of them does his work in a way peculiar( ) to himself; and the peculiarity means only that he finds it more easy to work in that way. Now the very same thing is true to literature. And the question, \"How shall I begin?\" only means that you want to begin at the head instead of beginning at the tail or somewhere else. That is, you are not yet experienced enough to trust to your own powers. When you become more experienced you will never ask the question, and I think that you will often begin at the tail -- that is to say, you will write the end of the story before you have even thought of the beginning.", "qas": [{"question": "The topic of the passage is", "id": "b1bb8ed79ad3439dbd18a8489034ad17", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "England has a longstanding problem with youngsters", "paragraphs": [{"context": "England has a longstanding problem with youngsters dropping out of training. Almost half of 17-year-olds in some parts of England have dropped out of fulltime education or training. The statistics show 49% in Thurrock and 44% in Salford have dropped out of school or job training. Across England,31%of 17-year-olds are not in education or training. The figures also reveal deep regional divides,with wealthier areas such as Richmon and Harrow recording18% of 17-year-olds out of official education. The statistics confirm England's poor international standing for staying-on rates in education. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development considers England's drop-out rates as among the worst among the industrialised countries. Regionally,the statistics show Yorkshire and the Humber have the highest rate of 17-year-olds not in full-time education or work-based training at 35%. Outer London has the highest staying-on rate,with l3%of 17-year-olds having dropped out of official learning. In the east of England this figure stands at 31%and at 29%in the South West. Edward Davey,Liberal Democrat Shadow Education Secretary,said the government \"should be ashamed\"that so many youngsters were dropping out of school. A spokesman for the Department for Education and Skills said the government had carried out a series of reforms,with aPS2.5 billion rise in funding for further education.", "qas": [{"question": "Which part of England has the lowest rate of 17-year-olds dropping out of education?", "id": "885c9a6d75804b0e8788f299eb93bff2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The British Museum Description: The British Museum", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The British Museum Description: The British Museum is a museum in London, which is one of the world's greatest museums of human history and culture. Its collections, which number more than 13 million objects, are amongst the largest and most comprehensive in the world and originate from all continents, illustrating and documenting the story of human culture from its beginning to the present. The British Museum was established in 1753, largely based on the collections of the physician and scientist Sir Hans Sloane. The museum first opened to the public on 15 January 1759 in Montagu House in Bloomsbury, on the site of the current museum building. Its expansion over the following two and a half centuries was largely a result of an expanding British colonial footprint and has resulted in the creation of several branch institutions. Until 1997, when the British Library (previously centered on the Round Reading Room)moved to a new site, the British Museum housed both a national museum of antiquities and a national library in the same building. The museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. Since 2002 the director of the museum has been Neil MacGregor. Admission and opening hours: The museum is open every day from 10am to 6pm (Fridays 10am to 5:30pm)and it charges no admission fee, except for loan exhibitions. How to get there: By train: 7:00-18:30 every day. By Underground: 8:00-18:30 every day. By bus: 7:30-18:30 every day. By coach: 7:00--19:30 every day. Nearest underground stations: Tottenham Court Road (500m) Holborn (500m) Russell Square (800m)", "qas": [{"question": "You are at the Museum at seven in the evening and you want to go back to Oxford. Which means of transportation will you choose?", "id": "929ecdd3e0ad4e59899df925860f96c0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "To Whom It May Concern, My husband Jim and I got m", "paragraphs": [{"context": "To Whom It May Concern, My husband Jim and I got married in 1965. For the first ten years of our marriage, I was very happy to stay home and raise our three children. Then about four years ago, our youngest child went to school, and I thought I might go back to work. Jim was very supportive and helped me to make my decision. He started to do all the things I used to do around the house, and said he thought I could be a great success in business. After several weeks of job hunting, I found my present job, which is working for a small public relation firm. At first, my husband was proud of me and would tell his friends, \"My clever little wife can run that company she's working for.\" But, as his joking words were becoming reality, Jim stopped talking to me about my job. I have received several promotions and pay increases, and I am now making more money than he is. I can buy my own clothes and a new car. Because of our combined incomes, Jim can do things that we had always dreamed of doing, but we don't do these things because he is unhappy. We fought about little things, and Jim is very critical of me in front of our friends. For the first time in our marriage, I think there is a possibility that our marriage may come to an end. I love Jim very much, and I don't want him to feel inferior , but I also love my job. I think I can be a good wife and a working woman, but I don't know how. Can you give me some advice? Will I have to choose one or the other or can I keep both my husband and my new career? Please help. Yours, Mary", "qas": [{"question": "How did her husband feel when she first found her job?", "id": "46bf5696476444bb85a6cffcbc2d745a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Apple Seeds Circulation : 1 Year, 9 Issues Cover P", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Apple Seeds Circulation : 1 Year, 9 Issues Cover Price: $44.55 Price For You: $33.95 Product Description: Apple Seeds is an award winning magazine filled with stories for kids aged from 7 to 9. The cover is very soft, providing durability that allows each issue to be enjoyed for many years to come. Besides, there is a big surprise for you --- it's being sold at a more favorable discount than usual. Better Life Circulation: 1 Year, 12 Issues Cover Price: $44.55 Price For You: $15.00 Product Description: Designed for those who have a strong interest in personal lifestyle, Better Life is America's complete home and family service magazine. It offers help with food, recipes, decorating, building, gardening, family health, money management, and education. Humor Times Circulation: 1 Year, 12 Issues Cover Price: $36.00 Price For You: $11.95 Product Description: Humor Times Magazine is for those who love to laugh! Full of cartoons and humor columns, it shows up in your mailbox once a month and keeps you smiling all year round! In today's world, you need a reason to laugh. So let's find it in Humor Times. News China Circulation: 1 Year, 12 Issues Cover Price: $47.88 Price For You: $19.99 Product Description: News China Magazine is the English edition of China Newsweek. The magazine covers the latest Chinese domestic news in politics, business, society, environment, culture, sports and travels, etc. It is the first comprehensive news magazine for readers interested in China.", "qas": [{"question": "Which magazine provides the biggest discount if you buy it for the whole year?", "id": "3e594631c6d2469bbaa810575138c96d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "After the coming of Europeans to the Americas, Ind", "paragraphs": [{"context": "After the coming of Europeans to the Americas, Indians were forced to change their way of life. Yet the influence of Native American culture is still felt throughout the United States. Many of the foods commonly eaten in the United States today were first grown by American Indians. Among these foods are corn, white and sweet potatoes, peanuts, pumpkins, tomatoes, and certain beans and berries. Native Americans also discovered ways to use herbs and other plants as medicines. Native American inventions, such as canoes, ponchos and parkas ,hammocks and snowshoes are still in use today. Other marks of Indian culture were left in American place names. The state of Alaska, for example, takes its name from a Native American word meaning \"great land\". Today nearly 1.5 million Native Americans live in the United States. Some still preserve the ways of their ancestors, speaking Indian languages and keeping alive their legends, art forms, and customs. Other Native Americans keep few of the old ways, but remain proud of their people's contributions to American history. Americans have come to appreciate the beauty of Indian crafts . Many artists find _ in traditional Indian designs. Many Indian values, too, have become widely held. Americans today believe that the land, air and water are precious resources that must be carefully protected. As one government official wrote recently: We have slowly come back to some of the truths that the Indians knew from the beginning. People need to learn from nature, to keep an ear to the earth, and to refill their spirits in frequent contacts with animals and wild land.", "qas": [{"question": "What does \"Native Americans\" refer to in the passage?", "id": "5494833591354d35b1e8a5fa949e6799", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "According to a new US study, couples who expect th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "According to a new US study, couples who expect their children to help care for them in old age should hope they have daughters because they are likely to be twice as attentive overall. The research by Angelina Grigoryeva, a sociologist at Princeton University, found that, while women provide as much care for their elderly parents as they can manage, men do as little as they can get away with and often leave it to female family members. Her analysis of the family networks of 26,000 older Americans concluded that gender is the most important predictor of whether or not people will actively care for elderly parents. In a paper being presented at the annual conference of the American Sociological Association in San Francisco, she concludes that simply having a sister makes men statistically likely provide less care. Using data from the University of Michigan Health and Retirement Study, a study which has been tracking a cross-section of over-50s for the last decade, she calculated that women provide an average of 12.3 hours a month of care for elderly parents while men offer only 5.6 hours. \"Whereas the amount of elderly parent care daughters provide is associated with limitations they face, such as employment or childcare, sons'caregiving is associated only with the presence or absence of other helpers, such as sisters or a parent's spouse ,\" she explained. \"Sons reduce their relative caregiving efforts when they have a sister, while daughters increase theirs when they have a brother.\" \"This suggests that sons pass on parent caregiving responsibilities to their sisters.\" In the UK, the 2011 census showed that there are now around 6.5 million people with caring responsibilities - a figure which has risen by a tenth in a decade. But many are doing so at the risk of their own health. The census showed that those who provide 50 hours or more of care a week while trying to hold down a full- time job are three times more likely to be struggling with ill health than their working counterparts who are not carers.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the most important factor to predict if people will actively care for the elderly?", "id": "14d2a0a9f6b64151a88f6aa8fcc673c3", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Countries must learn to share water fairly if they", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Countries must learn to share water fairly if they are to prevent warring over water as population growth and climate change make it ever more scarce. Farming uses 70 percent of the fresh water taken from the world's lakes and rivers and need from farms is set to increase by 14 percent in the next 30 years. Water conflicts can happen in water-stressed areas among local communities and between countries. The lack of instruments for water sharing _ already difficult conditions. In the absence of clear rules, things will not be organized or arranged in order and power plays an important role. While humans drink between 2 and 5 litres of water a day, it takes 1,000-2,000 litres to produce a kilogram of wheat and up to 15,000 litres to produce a kilo of grain-fed beef. The daily consumption of water per person is a thousand times more than the consumption through drinking. Already 1.1 billion people lack clean water and, with the world's population set to grow from 6.5 billion to 8 billion by 2025, 1.8 billion people will face water scarcity by then. Global warming will exacerbate the problem, especially in poor, dry areas. To improve cross-border cooperation on water use, the 10 countries on the Nile are negotiating a water-sharing agreement which the Food and Agriculture Organisation hopes will be a model for other areas where the scarce water can be shared out peacefully.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the passage mainly about?", "id": "b348e2e75dec481ab7de680c4667c531", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "This past Christmas season, I went to visit my par", "paragraphs": [{"context": "This past Christmas season, I went to visit my parents. During the visit, I found the letters written by my parents to each other during the war in the attic . The letters were piles high,dirty and had not been touched for decades. I asked Mother and Father if I could take the lettersback to my home. They agreed.As I opened each letter, all of them delicate with age, I discovered a new page in this private part of my parents' lives. My father served in the army. His letters were full of frontline descriptions, and they continued all the way through the battle. Each of my mother's letters was sealed with a lipstick kiss. Father wrote that he sealed his return letters by rekissing her lipstick kiss. How they had been missing each other! I finished reading six months of the letters and discovered there were at least eleven months missing. Maybe they were lost forever. Not long after our Christmas visit, Father became very ill and was in hospital. I went to the hospital to see him. As I sat by his bedside, he told me how much receiving those lipstick-kissed letters had meant to him when he had been so far from home. Later that evening, Mother and I revisited the attic in search of the lost letters. Finally we dug them out of Mother's old college trunk. The next day was Valentine's Day, and we went to the hospital. At my father's bedside, I showed him an old envelope. His curiosity was aroused. When he carefully opened the letter, he recognized it and his eyes were filled with tears. He read the love messages that had been delivered years before to my mother in a quavery voice. This Valentine's Day, we were lucky that we had everything.", "qas": [{"question": "How did the author's father feel when he saw the letter in hospital?", "id": "6c469fbe7f234a7f8c1dd13a08c0ca6a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When you make a mistake, big or small, cherish it ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When you make a mistake, big or small, cherish it like it's the most precious thing in the world, because in some ways, it is. Most of us feel bad when we make mistakes, beat ourselves up about it, feel like failures, get mad at ourselves. And that's only natural. Most of us have been taught from a young age that mistakes are bad, and we should try to avoid mistakes. We've been scolded when we make mistakes--at home, school and work. Maybe not always, but probably enough times to make feeling bad about mistakes an unconscious reaction. Yet without mistakes, we could not learn or grow. If you think about it that way, mistakes should be cherished and celebrated for being one of the most amazing things in the world. They make learning possible; they make growth and improvement possible. By trial and error--trying things, making mistakes, and learning from those mistakes--we have figured out how to make electric light, to paint the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, to fly. Mistakes make walking possible for the smallest _ , make speech possible, and make works of genius possible. Think about how we learn:We don't just consume information about something and instantly know it or know how to do it. You don't just read about painting,or writing,or computer programming,or baking, or playing the piano, and know how to do them right away. Instead, you get information about something, from reading or from another person or from observing usually...then you construct a model in your mind...then you test it out by trying it in the real world...then you make mistakes...then you revise the model based on the results of your real world experimentation...and repeat, making mistakes, learning from those mistakes, until you've pretty much learned how to do something. That's how we learn as babies and toddlers, and how we learn as adults. Mistakes are how we learn to do something new--because if you succeed at something, it's probably something you already knew how to do. You haven't really grown much from that success--at most it's the last step on your journey, not the whole journey. Most of the journey is made up of mistakes, if it's a good journey. So if you value learning,if you value growing and improving,then you should value mistakes. They are amazing things that make a world of brilliance possible.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the best title of this passage?", "id": "8e4b303aa3364525915e8ca3257c0712", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "We all love festivals. But since culture develops ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "We all love festivals. But since culture develops differently in many places, some festivals are, to us, very strange. Let's take a look at some unique festivals around the world. Cheese Rolling Festival (England) The festival started in the 15thcentury in May. When a round cheese is rolled, competitors run down the hill and try to catch it before it reaches the bottom. As the cheese can reach speeds of up to 112 km/h, it's rare that someone catches the cheese. First to the bottom wins the cheese. But running down a very steep hill behind a cheese can be dangerous. Eight people were injured in 1992. Roswell UFO festival (New Mexico, US) The Roswell UFO festival celebrates the anniversary of the \"Roswell Incident\", when a UFO was said to have crashed nearby. Every year in July, experts, authors, researches and lecturers come to discuss the incident. The celebration also includes an alien parade, an alien costume contest, and an alien hot air balloon ride. Hemingway Days (Florida, US) This festival has normal stuff (,) like short-story readings and exhibits about the author. But the highlight of the festival is definitely the Hemingway look alike contest. Imagine walking into a bar and being greeted by 20 middle-aged men who all look alike: stocky with thick white beards. The festival takes place in mid-July every year.", "qas": [{"question": "Which festival takes place in mid-July every year?", "id": "86f50d2eda204fedb5faef44dc7652b2", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which festival may cause injuries according to the passage?", "id": "4c0f9a89e086437f94f42cb13429b552", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In a house with more than one kid, there are bound", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In a house with more than one kid, there are bound to be some problems. Brothers and sisters borrow stuff, and don't always return it in top condition. Younger kids sometimes feel the older kids get to do whatever they want. Older brothers and sisters think that the baby of the family gets more attention. These are typical problems found throughout the ages, everywhere in the world. When brothers and sisters don't get along well, it's called sibling rivalry. A sibling is a brother or sister and rivalry means competition. It's normal, but too much competition can make for an unhappy home life. A little competition isn't a bad thing. Sometimes it can keep you working hard--when you and your brother spend time shooting hoops. If he's good at it, it may make you want to improve, too. But some sibling rivalry involves arguments--when you think your brother is hogging the ball. People who love each other might argue sometimes, but too much fighting is unpleasant for everyone. Have you ever heard of the green-eyed monster called jealousy ? Sometimes brothers and sisters are jealous of one another. For instance, if your sister always does well at school, it may be frustrating for you, especially if your grades are lower. Although you are probably proud of your brothers and sisters, it's normal to be a little jealous, too. It may make you feel better to focus more on doing your own personal things, rather than comparing yourself with a brother or sister. All kids want attention from their parents, but sometimes you need to take turns. It you are feeling ignored or your brother or sister is always in the spotlight, talk to your mom or dad. If a parent knows you're feeling left out, he or she can figure out ways to help you feel better again.", "qas": [{"question": "What does the author think of a little jealousy between brothers and sisters?", "id": "587b84ccdaf94dcfabf5a8f052e6956d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "American Girl It's packed with the things that mat", "paragraphs": [{"context": "American Girl It's packed with the things that matter most to girls: party plans, games, crafts and girl-to-girl advice. American Girlis an appealing, age-appropriate teen magazine that allows young girls to be themselves. The magazine features fun contests, puzzles, giggles, and more! Stories, creative games, cool contests and great sports tips for girls aged 7-11 are available in each issue ofAmerican Girl magazine. Issues per year: 6 Cover price: $ 27.95 Sale price: $22.95 Ladybug Beautiful, colorful, and delightful to read, each issue is filled with charming read-aloud stories, games for memory and skill building, songs, poems, and activities for beginning readers. Parents can visit our online Parents Companion that recommends additional activities, crafts, and books. Issues per year: 9 Cover price: $44.50 Sale price: $33.95 Cicada A monthly magazine for teenagers and young adults aged 14 and up. It offers high-quality fiction and poetry dealing with the issue of growing up, leaving the joys and pains of childhood behind, and becoming an adult. Cicadamagazine also encourages its teen readers to submit their own writing for publication. It's so inspiring and humorous that you will not be able to put it down. Issues per year: 6 Cover price: $51.00 Sale price: $33.95 Sorts Illustrated for Kids It covers sports kids like. Featuring interviews with sports heroes, entertaining comics, breathtaking action photos, tips from the pros , news items of recent notes, games, puzzles, cartoons, fiction, advice from athletes, etc.Sports Illustrated for Kidsis a magazine for children aged 8 and up. Issues per year: 12 Cover price: $47.88 Sale price: $ 24.95", "qas": [{"question": "Which of the four magazines is the most suitable for a 4-year-old child?", "id": "bd544817535b4715b9da01969325d35b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A huge cloud of dust rose and an overpass disappea", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A huge cloud of dust rose and an overpass disappeared. This was the scene in Zhuzhou,Hunan Province on May 17.Nine people were killed and 16 injured. Things were similar last year in the Sichuan earthquake. Thousands of people were buried in the ruins and lost their lives. What if we could have warned them? People are always _ to find a way of preventing buildings' collapse. Better materials and technology help,but they are not a solution. Just like humans,a building has its own life cycle from \"birth\" to \"death\".If we know when a building is going to collapse,we can repair it in advance or get out of it before it falls. Now,scientists at the University of Illinois have developed a material that turns red before it breaks. The invention could be used in things like climbing ropes or bridge supports. The research was led by Nancy Sottos,a professor at the university's Beckman Institute,and Douglas Davis,a graduate research assistant. The secret behind the colorchanging material is a type of molecule .A molecule is a group of atoms held together by chemical bonds. Imagine you and your friends standing in a circle,holding hands. Each person stands for one atom,your hands represent the bonds,and the entire circle represents a molecule. If one person lets go of his or her hands,the molecule changes color. The research team put the molecule into a soft material. When the researchers stretched the material,it turned bright red for a few seconds before it broke into two pieces. When they repeatedly stretched and relaxed the material,without breaking it,it only turned a little red. The major problem is that light can get rid of the red color. When the team shone bright light on the molecule,the broken bond was fixed,and the color disappeared. If the bright light keeps the red color from appearing,the material's warning system will be useless. Scientists still have a lot of work to do before the colorchanging molecules can be used outside the lab.", "qas": [{"question": "What does the passage mainly introduce?", "id": "fc0e8bc5432f4dfeafa5c2bfbeff8b73", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Sydney is one of the world's biggest cities and ha", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Sydney is one of the world's biggest cities and has something for everyone when he comes to shopping.You will find excellent Australian products alongside the best that the world has to offer.At the bottom of Sydney Tower, you can shop in 160 of Sydney's favorite stores including 16 jewellery stores and many gift and fashion shops.They're all at Westfield Centrepoint. Tel:9231 9300 SOVEREIGN HILL This prizewinning living museum is where Australia's history comes alive!Visit daily or stay for the night and experience life of the Gold Rush days.A wonderful nightly sound and light show,\"Blood on the Southern Cross\"tells the story of the famous Eureka Uprising.Enjoy shopping along with real life character and entertainment,4star hotel and breakfast. Tel:5331 1944 ANCHORAGE RESTAURANT Come and enjoy our delicious Cantonese seafood right on the water's edge in the historic fishing port of Williamstown with views of the city centre across Port Phillip Bay. Open 7 days a week Lunch:Sunday to Friday 11:00 a.m.2:00 p.m. Dinner:Monday to Saturday 5:00 p.m.10:00 p.m. Tel:9397 6270 or 9397 7799 COOK'S COTTAGE Built by James and Grace Cook,parents of Captain James Cook,Cook's Cottage stands proudly in the Fitzroy Gardens as a reminder of life in the eighteenth century,and as a celebration and commemoration of the life and travels of Captain James Cook. Open 9:00 a.m.5:00 p.m. daily, and until 5:30 pm during the summer. Tel:9419 4677", "qas": [{"question": "Where can you spend the night in a tour?", "id": "a8f3cd5880e341ea8e8505ad857bc45e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Moscow Sheremetyevo International Airport If You'v", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Moscow Sheremetyevo International Airport If You've Lost Personal Belongings *On Board --Contact the airline's representatives *At the Airport --Contact: --Sheremetyevo Police Department ......+7(495)578-22-55 --Unclaimed luggage storage room in Terminal C ......+7(495)578-23-26 --Unclaimed luggage storage room in Terminal D ......+7(499)500-65-52(domestic flights) ......+7(495)753-86-41(international flights) When collecting Lost and Found items, you shall have an identification document, a boarding pass or a ticket, and also indicate the place where the items were lost and prove they are yours. If Your Luggage Is Lost or Damaged Before leaving the arrival area, please turn to the Lost and Found counter to file a report. The written claim shall be submitted to the airline company not later than seven days from the time when the luggage was to be collected. If your luggage is not found within twenty-one days of the time when the claim was filed, you have the right to claim damages in the amount of not more than 600 rubles per kilogram. Amount refunded for the hand luggage lost through the fault of an airline is not more than 11, 000 rubles regardless of its weight. Amount refunded for damaged luggage is calculated based on the same tariffs . Keep your flight documents (a ticket, boarding pass, luggage tag, and delayed luggage report filed at the airport) until the end of the procedure for searching for your luggage. Current information on luggage-tracing results ......+7(495)578-76-65 Lost and Found service of Aeroflot Russian Airlines ......+7(495)544-33-25(from 9:00- 20:00) +7(495)753-86-41(24 hours) For further information please contact the airline.", "qas": [{"question": "What should you do if you find your personal possessions lost on board?", "id": "13e696fe74af4ce2a0a794234d3c1fd6", "answers": []}, {"question": "Which number will you probably dial to see whether your lost luggage has been found?", "id": "0967e76210354e8b9b0d464df6ee6212", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "One Saturday morning Ann was going on business. Be", "paragraphs": [{"context": "One Saturday morning Ann was going on business. Before starting, she took her son Sam to her friends, Bill and Kate, and asked them to look after him for the day. Sam, an independent boy of six years old, had black hair and was wearing a pair of jeans and a bright yellow shirt. At eleven o'clock Bill took Sam into town. Sam walked along behind Bill, looking at the windows of all the shops they passed. After lunch they went to the park and walked about. The whole place was very crowded. Bill stopped to buy some chocolate. When he turned round to give some to Sam, the boy wasn't there. Bill ran round calling Sam, but he couldn't find him. About an hour later, just in front of a shop, he saw the black hair, the pair of jeans and the bright yellow shirt. The boy looked as if he was waiting for someone to come out of the shop. Bill ran across the road, took the boy by the hand and hurried off, as it was quite late. The boy began to cry and pull hard, but Bill, who didn't know much about children, couldn't understand a word the boy was saying. All the boy made was a lot of noise. When they got home at last, Bill went straight to the kitchen, with the boy still crying. At the door Bill stopped with an amazed look. There, sitting at the kitchen table with Kate, was a small boy with black hair, in a pair of jeans and a bright yellow shirt.", "qas": [{"question": "What did Bill buy for Sam?", "id": "372b5340bd31443cb6821cb80fa8fb1b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "One of the strangest races in history is about to ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "One of the strangest races in history is about to begin. The judge raises the starting gun and says,\"On your marks, get set...'' BANG! Who will win this 40-yard race? Will it be the ostrich with its long legs? Or will it be the highly trained football player? Could the squirrel rush past them all? Don't worry. It's not a real race. Last week, Scientific American magazine asked professor Peter Weyand who would win an imaginary race between an ostrich, a football player, a pig, a squirrel, and an elephant. Weyand teaches physiology. He studies the way animals move. According to his knowledge of how animals _ , here's how the race might go: The ostrich runs out of the starting gate neck and neck with the football player in second, the gray squirrel running third, and the pretty pink pig in fourth. Forty yards later, at the finish line, the heavily feathered bird beats the speeding human! The competition isn't terribly close between the ostrich and the football player, but in a surprise move, the pig moves fast and manages to beat the squirrel by a nose. Pigs don't look like they're built for speed, so its third-place finish is a bit of a shock. How does Weyand explain the Animal Kingdom's speedy match? \"The easiest way to explain why the ostrich is fast is that it has long legs,'' he says. Most of the ostrich's leg muscles are high up on its short thighbones. Its long, light legs allow the bird to go faster and keep speed easily. When running, an ostrich's highest speed is about 35 mph. Elephants and squirrels actually run at the same pace. But because squirrels can accelerate quickly, the huge elephant would lose. Pigs can't speed up as fast as squirrels, but they can run faster. Pigs that live in the wild can run close to 16 mph, and squirrels can run at about 14 mph.", "qas": [{"question": "According to Weyand, who made people surprised in the race?", "id": "1fe9dcddc01046fcbec2d26185d3834f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Evening Workshops Optional evening workshops will ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Evening Workshops Optional evening workshops will be held at small restaurants or other meeting places near the conference hotel. Meals and other costs are not included but are also optional. Locations will be announced at the conference site. Workshops are very loosely organized and most represent discussions that have been held at Society for Economic Botany (SEB) meetings over a series of years. Workshop 1: Student Network Date: Wednesday evening, Feb. 5th Chairs: Hugo de Boer and Arika Virapongse Sponsor: Society for Economic Botany Description: Student members of the SEB hold a networking mixer each year in order to meet each other and to become familiar with a variety of educational programs and faculty advisors . Faculty members who are part of training programs are encouraged to join the mixer to meet and talk with students. Workshop 2: Botanical Film Making Date: Wednesday evening, Feb. 5th Chair: David Strauch Sponsor: University of Hawaii Description: Digital film making is a particularly useful tool of linking cultural information to recognizable plants. This workshop is aimed towards increasing the quality of material recorded by giving participants greater control over the medium. We will cover technical aspects (e.g. camera settings, audio), technical aspects (framing, lighting, focus), and some ways of presenting the material. Experienced filmmakers are encouraged to attend, and participants are welcome to bring their own camera equipment. Workshop 3: Collections for Botany-- Collections Development and Management Date: Friday evening, Feb. 7th Chair: Jan Salick Sponsor: Society for Economic Botany Description: SEB is a network of researchers who have been developing standards for the development of collections of artifacts, plant samples and related materials. Participants discuss successes, problems, and funding sources for solving management issues.", "qas": [{"question": "You are a college student, interested in plants and good at taking TV pictures. Which of the Evening Workshops is most suitable for you?", "id": "9f3ff99e1395441c9f828815b75b9ebf", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Producing money requires both artistic and technol", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Producing money requires both artistic and technological skills. Dollar bills are made so that they are interesting to look at but very hard to copy. In total, there are sixty-five separate steps required to make a dollar bill. The money making process begins when. a yearly order is sent by the Federal Reserve Board. That order will then be divided in half. Half will be done here in Washington, D. C.and the other half will be done in Fort Worth, Texas. Next, the Bureau orders special paper which is actually cloth since it is 75% cotton and 25% linen. This paper is made so that it can last a long time. And, it is made with details that make it hard to copy. For example, bills contain security threads. These narrow pieces of plastic are inside the paper and run along the width of the bill. This special paper is also made with very small blue and red fibers. Once the money is printed, guillotine cutters separate the sheets into two notes, then into individual notes. The notes are organized in \"bricks,\" each of which contains forty one-hundred-note packages. The bricks then go to one of twelve Federal Reserve Districts, which then give the money to local banks. Ninety-five percent of the bills printed each year are used to replace money that is in circulation, or that has already been removed from circulation. You may know that America's first president, George Washington, is pictured on the one- dollar bill. But do you know whose face is on the two, five, ten, twenty, fifty and one hundred-dollar bills? They are, in order. President Thomas Jefferson, President Abraham Lincoln, Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton, President Andrew Jackson, President Ulysses Grant and statesman Benjamin Franklin. The average life span of a one-dollar bill is twenty-one months. But a ten-dollar bill lasts only about eighteen months. The one hundred-dollar bill lasts the longest, eighty-nine months. One popular question is about the two-dollar bill. This bill is not printed very often. This is because many Americans believe two-dollar bills are lucky, so they keep them.", "qas": [{"question": "How many presidents are printed on the American money?", "id": "d3b259a0e4a540519478043bb6d788a7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It was the summer of 1965. DeLuca, then 17, visite", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It was the summer of 1965. DeLuca, then 17, visited Peter Buck, a family friend. Buck asked DeLuca about his plans for the future. \"I'm going to college, but I need a way to pay for it,\" DeLuca recalls saying. \"Buck said, 'You should open a sandwich shop.'\" That afternoon, they agreed to be partners. And they set a goal: to open 32 stores in ten years. After doing some research, buck wrote a check for $1000. DeLuca rented a storefront in Connecticut, and when they couldn't cover their start-up costs, Buck kicked in another $1000. But business didn't go smoothly as they expected. DeLuca says, \"After six months, we were doing poorly, but we didn't know how badly, because we didn't have any financial controls.\" All he and Buck knew was that their sales were lower than their costs. DeLuca was managing the store and going to the University of Bridgeport at the same time. Buck was working at his day job as a nuclear physicist in New York. They'd meet Monday evenings and brainstorm ideas for keeping the business running. \"We convinced ourselves to open a second store. We figured we could tell the public, 'We are so successful, we are opening a second store.'\" And they did--in the spring of 1966. Still, it was a lot of learning by trial and error. But the partners' learn-as-you-go approach turned out to be their greatest strength. Every Friday, DeLuca would drive around and hand-deliver the checks to pay their suppliers. \"It probably took me two and a half hours and it wasn't necessary, but as a result, the suppliers got to know me very well, and the personal relationships established really helped out,\" DeLuca says. And having a goal was also important. \"There are so many problems that can get you down. You just have to keep working toward your goal,\" DeLuca adds. DeLuca ended up founding Subway Sandwich, the multimillion-dollar restaurant chain.", "qas": [{"question": "What contribute most to their success according to the author?", "id": "d07d57e711eb432fb87813483a8bd72d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Every immigrant leads a double life. Every immigra", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Every immigrant leads a double life. Every immigrant has a double identity and a double vision, being suspended between an old and a new home, an old and new self. The very notion of a new home, of course, is in a sense as impossible as the notion of new parents. Parents are who they are; home is what it is. Yet home, like parentage, must be legitimized through love; otherwise, it is only a fact of geography or biology. Most immigrants to America found their love of their old homes betrayed: they did not really abandon their countries; their countries abandoned them. In America, they found the possibility of a new love, the chance to nurture new selves. Not uniformly, not without exceptions. Every generation has its Know-Nothing movement. Its understandable fear and hatred of alien invasion is as true today as it always was, but in spite of all this, the American attitude remains unique. Throughout history, exile has been a disaster; America turned it into a triumph and placed its immigrants in the center of a national epic. The epic is possible because America is an idea as much as it is a country. America has nothing to do with loyalty to a dynasty and very little to do with loyalty to particular place, but everything to do with loyalty to a set of principles. To immigrants, those principles are especially real because so often they were absent or violated in their native lands. It was no accident in the '60 and '70s, when alienation was in flower, that it often seemed to be \"native\" Americans who felt alienated, while aliens or the children of aliens upheld the native values. The immigrant's double vision results in a special, somewhat skewed perspective on America that can mislead but that can also find revelation in the things that to native Americans are obvious. Psychiatrist Robert Coles speaks of those \"who straddle worlds and make of that very experience a new world.\" \"Home is where you are happy.\" Sentimental, perhaps, and certainly not conventionally patriotic, but is appropriate for a country that wrote the pursuit of happiness into its founding document. That continues for the immigrant in America, and it never stops, but it comes to rest at a certain moment. The moment is hard to pin down, but it occurs perhaps when the immigrant's double life and double vision joint together toward a single state of mind. When the old life, the old home fade into a certain unreality: places one merely visits, in fact or in the mind, practicing the tourism of memory. It occurs when the immigrant learns his ultimate lesson: above all countries, America, if loved, returns love.", "qas": [{"question": "What can be the best title of the passage?", "id": "ece8ebefbe0341f9967a8d4d7f789d37", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "What happens inside the skull of a soccer player w", "paragraphs": [{"context": "What happens inside the skull of a soccer player who repeatedly heads a soccer ball? That question motivate a challenging new study of the brains of experienced players that has caused discussion and debate among soccer players, and some anxiety among those of us with soccer-playing children. For the study, researchers at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York selected 34 adults,men and women. All of the volunteers had played soccer since childhood and now competed year-round in adult soccer leagues. Each filled out a detailed questionnaire developed especially for this study to determine how many times they had headed a soccer ball in the previous year, as well as whether they had experienced any known concussions in the past. Then the players completed computerized tests of their memory and other learning skills and had their brains scanned, using a complicated new MRI technique which can find structural changes in the brain that can't be seen during most scans. According to the data they presented at a Radiological Society of North America meeting last month,the researchers found that the players who had headed the ball more than about 1,100 times in the previous 12 months showed significant loss of white matter in parts of their brains involved with memory,attention and the processing of visual information, compared with players who had headed the ball fewer times. This pattern of white matter loss is \"similar to those seen in traumatic brain injury\" , like that after a serious concussion, the researchers reported,even though only one of these players was reported to have ever experienced a conc ussion. The players who had headed the ball about 1,100 times or more in the past year were also generally worse at recalling lists of words read to them, forgetting or _ the words far more often than players who had headed the ball less.", "qas": [{"question": "What is likely to be the cause of memory loss?", "id": "41242cde4ae94ab1b6a48643072ee680", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "We are looking for teachers for our private second", "paragraphs": [{"context": "We are looking for teachers for our private secondary school in Nigeria. This is a Christian school and we are looking for Christian teachers. Accommodations are provided and salaries can be discussed. Volunteers are welcome to apply but those with teaching qualifications and experience will be first chosen. Subjects: English, French or Art. Those who teach other subjects are also welcome. Applicant 1 Modupe Bvuma I have a master's degree in Managerial Psychology and know a little French. I'm looking for a job either as a teacher or as a personnel manager. I'm a Christian and live in Nigeria, Africa and I'd be glad to be given the opportunity. Applicant 2 Rachel Moore I'm an Australian and have experience in working with children in the local church, although I don't believe in Jesus. I have bachelor's degrees in both Art and Education. I have _ my job with my pupils and now have settled in Nigeria, Africa to look for a job teaching English or French. Applicant 3 Mwanyimi Bushabu I've been in Africa for 5 years as a banker. It is advantageous for me to teach French at your school since it's my mother tongue, I am a Church member and promise I shall keep the Christian standards at your school. Applicant 4 Freddie Matthews I am to graduate from the University of Nottingham, England. I have gained teaching experience by tutoring children in lots of families and will have a teaching qualification. I'm interested in your job. Applicant 5 Adelaide White I am an Egyptian living in San Francisco, the USA. I'm a Christian. I have been a teacher of English and French for 12 years. I am currently an advisor in schools. Besides my master's degree, my post bachelor's degree is in Pupils Personnel Service Credentials. I want to return to my continent.", "qas": [{"question": "Supposing the school needs an African to teach French, who would be the best choice?", "id": "dfa581fdb6464dbd9f8dcbc59e7fe046", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "San Francisco's Chinatown is the biggest and oldes", "paragraphs": [{"context": "San Francisco's Chinatown is the biggest and oldest in the country. It's the third most visited tourist destination in the city. It's also the city's most densely populated neighbor- hood. So why are. businesses in Chinatown struggling? In this week's paper, I outline some of the reasons for why Chinatown's crowded streets and busy shops might be declining. Underneath the surface, Chinatown is falling. And the city, local organizations and businesses are trying to figure out what they can do to turn things around. While numbers of people visit Chinatown, they don't stay long and they don't spend a lot of money. And beyond annual festivals,1ike Chinese New Years, this month's Moon Festival and last month's Sunday Streets - which drew about 15,000 t0 20.000 people - the neighborhood has a hard time attracting locals. Can you remember the last. time you went to Chinatown ?If you can't, You're not alone. Locals told me that Chinatown doesn't have much to offer them - that the stores are all the same. There are some good eating joints, people said, but they don't know how to find them. Some people even told me that they sometimes go to extreme measures to avoid the neighborhood altogether. But when asked if the-v would like to see Chinatown gone, the answer was always a strong no. Locals are hopeful that things will get better and traffic will increase when the Central Subway is complete. But chat's not for another five years. at least. And if' new shops or restaurants don't make their way into Chinatown. the same problem of attracting locals will exist. Not that Chinatown's going to die. The dragon still has some fire in its belly. And many people are rooting for positive change. The question is, how does Chinatown change without losing the very importance of what makes it unique?", "qas": [{"question": "What is the author's attitude towards Chinatown?", "id": "2bdf3121e9ad4c2fba57b103e01573d2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Several Holiday Houses in Sicily and Its Islands B", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Several Holiday Houses in Sicily and Its Islands Baglio Fontana, Buseto Paiizzoio, Trapani,Sicily Grapes have been harvested at this traditional family farm since the early 18ih century. Old photos of the family cover the walls of tlie sitting room. A farm museum exhibits ancient tools and you can have a taste of wine in the country restaurant. All the rooms combine modem comforts with original features. You can also swim in the pool. Doubles from EUR 100 per night,+39 0923 855000 Club Levante,Pantelleria Reaching Pantelleria by plane is striking; by boat from Trapani it is thrilling. It's a surprisingly stylish place for nature-lovers seeking privacy and peace, and is run by warmhearted Matteo and his father. There's a small restaurant. Bedrooms are elegant, a couple of which have a sea view from the bed. Doubles from EUR 130 per night,+39 0923 915246 Giardinl di Pantelleria, Pantelleria Come for an adventurous week of walking, boating and hot-springing in an ancient, dramatic landscape. Five thousand years ago, Pantelleria was mined for volcanic glass to make spears and knives, and our ancestors left some fascinating tombs. Local Arabs built circular shelters for their traditional stone houses with two-metre-tliick rock walls. From EUR400 a week for an apartment sleeping two, +39 340 6156112 Villa Punta San Nicola, Favignana Favignana is not very famous. It's just a hatitat for those Italians who are familiar with the area. This trio of single-storey sandstone houses are owned and were designed by a former fashion photographer. They are half buUl into the rocks and simply but stylishly furnished. There's a beautiful rocky beach just a few steps away. Apartmenis sleeping 2 from EUR 650 c week, + 39 335 337054", "qas": [{"question": "Which place is only known by some Italians?", "id": "ede461aebc2245c4a82a64a617ee3a95", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I'm trying to be a writer, but I can't even start.", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I'm trying to be a writer, but I can't even start. What should I do? Abraham, Nebraska There are many ways to come up with ideas, one of which is to write down a list of your experiences, as well as things from your imagination. When you want to write, look in the notebook for ideas. Books for writers often have good suggestions, too. One we like isSpilling Ink: A Yong Writer's Handbook by Anne Mazer and Ellen Potter. Perhaps your library has it. My classmates keep asking about a new movie I've seen. But I don't want to spoil it for them. What should I do? Corinne (by e-mail) You could ask your classmates whether they are sure they want to know and if they insist, go ahead and tell them. You may be able to give them a general idea of the movie without revealing details of the ending. I'm going to a soccer camp for youth, but I'm not sure if I'm good at soccer or if I'll make friends. Louise, New Hampshire Soccer camp is for people who share an interest in the sport. No matter what a person's ability is at the beginning, it's likely that everyone will leave camp with improved skills. Sharing a common interest may make conversations easier. Smile, be friendly, and have a sense of humor. Before long, you may find that you've made some good friends. Someone invited me to a birthday party. When I got there, kids were doing stuff I'm not interested in, like watching scary movies. I told them my mom would pick me up, so I just left. Was I rude for doing that? Sam (by e-mail) You just did the right thing and that isn't being rude. We hope you'll talk with your parents about this. They're probably proud of what you did. They may have other suggestions for you, too. Talk about different situations that might come up and what would be the best way to handle them.", "qas": [{"question": "Who is interested inSpilling Ink: A Yong Writer's Handbook?", "id": "7fac50fabf584b43b9e90594e92b882f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Phil White has just returned from an 18,000-mile, ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Phil White has just returned from an 18,000-mile, around-the-world bicycle trip.White had two reasons for making this _ journey.First of all, he wanted to use the trip to raise money for charity, which he did.He raised PS70,000 for the British charity, Oxfam.White's second reason for making the trip was to break the world record and become the fastest person to cycle around the world.He is still waiting to find out if he has broken the record or not. White set off from Trafalgar Square, in London, on 19th June 2004 and was back 299 days later.He spent more than l,300 hours in the saddle and destroyed four sets of tyres and three bike chains.He had the adventure of his life crossing Europe, the Middle East, India, Asia, Australia, New Zealand and the Americas.Amazingly, he did all of this with absolutely no support team.No jeep carrying food, water and medicine.No doctor.Nothing! Just a bike and a very, very long road. The journey was lonely and desperate at times.He also had to fight his way across deserts, through jungles and over mountains.He cycled through heavy rains and temperatures of up to 45 degrees, all to help people in need.There were other dangers along the road.In Iran, he was chased by armed robbers and was lucky to escape with his life and the little money he had.The worst thing that happened to him was having to cycle into a headwind on a road that crosses the south of Australia.For l,000 kilometres he battled against the wind that was constantly pushing him.This part of the trip was slow, hard work and depressing, but he made it in the end.Now Mr.White is back and intends to write a book about his adventures.", "qas": [{"question": "What actually inspired Phil White to overcome all the difficulties?", "id": "d39d44e076fa43cfbf75bb7b7f686af2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Trends come and go but style is eternal. So what i", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Trends come and go but style is eternal. So what is the latest fashion trend that defines this season? Let's take a look at the fashion trend in 2016 and be the first ones to embrace the latest trend. Head----It seems like everyone will be wearing a bucket hat this season. Bucket hat might sound a bit old-fashioned for some people, but the 90s trend is in season again! Spring and summer are always the seasons for casual clothes, so pairing the bucket hat with casual shorts or skirts would be your outfit to go in this spring and summer in 2016. Bottom--Summer is the season when everyone gets ready for the humid weather. The current season trend is making everyone have a more comfortable summer because wide-leg bottoms is in trend again. Perhaps not everyone likes wide-leg bottoms because this could possible make people look shorter, choosing a high-waist wide-leg bottom and matching it with crop top will definitely make you look taller and trendy in 2016. Dress---Be prepared for embracing the feminine details this season. Ruffles around the sleeve or ruffles all-over the dress will be everyone's favorite in SS 2016. All these little details will transform your look in season. Simple colors like pink and black are designer's favorites in this season too. Shoes---Many people thought wedges are also the shoes to go in spring and summer time, but in SS 2016, very flat flats are in trend again. Shoe designers are trying to have more combinations flats or low-heels with less of gender identity. Accessories----No outfit goes perfect without accessories. Adding statement accessories to your simple and natural outlook this summer is your day-to-night outfit. These jewels are doing to make you feel completed in day time and sparkled at night.", "qas": [{"question": "What kind of people will benefit a lot more from this passage?", "id": "70f17be754e74016970b1060d709b622", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Back to the Future With the help of a local invent", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Back to the Future With the help of a local inventor's time machine, Marty travels back to the 1950s. There his 80s hipness stands out, and he inadvertently interferes with the fledgling romance of his parents-to-be. Can Marty keep them together? He'd better, or his own future will fade away. Featuring: Christopher Lloyd, Michael J.Fox. A universal Pictures release, 1 hr. 55 min. Beethoven's 2nd In this sequel to the popular Beethoven, our canine hero falls for Missy, who soon has puppies. Missy's greedy owner, Regina, who sees only money in the little purebreds, separates mom and pups from Beethoven. His owners rescue the puppies, but Regina still has Missy. Featuring: Charles Grodin, Bonnie Hunt. A Universal Pictures release, 1 hr. 26 min. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Despite the popularity of his treats, candy maker Willy Wonka shuts himself inside his factory. But then Willy holds a contest, offering five lucky children the chance to see his company. Poor but pleasant Charlie Bucket finds a ticket, as do four less-deserving children. Featuring: Johnny Depp, Freddie Highmore. A Warner Bros. Release, 1 hr. 56 min. Cinderella Man Based on actual events, this film follows the life of Jim Braddock, a boxer in New York City during the Great Depression. After a series of losses, Braddock is forced into retirement. But he never gives up his boxing dream, and neither does his manager. Featuring: Russell Crowe, Renee Zellweger. A Universal Pictures release, 2 hr. 14 min. Liar Liar Lawyer Fletcher Reede has never told the truth in his life. Then his son makes a birthday wish that his dad would stop lying for 24 hours. Suddenly, Fletcher's mouth spouts everything he thinks. His compulsion brings disaster to courtroom, where he must defend a client whose case was built on lies. Featuring: Jim Carrey, Justin Cooper. A Universal Pictures release, 1 hr. 25 min.", "qas": [{"question": "Which film is about the life of a real person?", "id": "37ef3ac3836b4dfcbe01bbdb1e46de0d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Beijing's historic hutong are in danger of disappe", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Beijing's historic hutong are in danger of disappearing. That's the warning from residents and historians, who have called on authorities to do more to protect this unique part of the capital's culture. In 2000, Beijing still had 1,300 hutong, according to amateur historian Zhang Wei. But he estimates that since then, at least half of them have disappeared. According to regulations, people can report illegal buildings to urban patrol officers, known as chengguan, and buildings found to be illegal will be demolished by force. However, a China Daily reporter found that it was not an easy task, and lots of additional structures built by their owners were found in hutong. Many owners added a second floor or even more floors to their houses, especially in buildings near main streets, in order to rent more apartments and make more money. Zhang, the historian, said that to better protect the hutong, the government should offer more compensation to residents willing to move away. Guo Dazhi, a photojournalist in Beijing, lived in a hutong for nearly 30 years before moving to eastern Chaoyang district. Guo hopes that the government can solve the problem by moving residents out of hutong with policies such as public renting programs. However, the Beijing Commission of Urban Planning said in a report in July that the relocation of residents from old areas was very expensive.According to the report, allocating 10,000 residents costs 1.5 billion yuan .", "qas": [{"question": "Who is mainly in charge of the illegal building?", "id": "e191dd083eee4c69ab4f6b1664387345", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A graded reader is a book containing simplified la", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A graded reader is a book containing simplified languages used to help learners master the language. Readers come in different levels, from beginners to advanced. English learners need to choose a reader that is suitable for their level. Why use readers? Lots of research shows that extensive reading improves all aspects of language learning, including vocabulary, speaking skills, fluency ,writing skills and reading comprehension. prefix = st1 /Reading is a way of learning English without classes or a teacher. It helps develop learner independence. And while reading graded readers, learners don't have to run to a dictionary because the language is at their level. How do I get started? The entire class can read the same book or different books at different times. How do I know the right level? If your class is all reading the same book, choose one that is appropriate for their level. If your students are reading different books, you can have a selection of books at different levels. In this case, don't worry too much about the level. A learner who is interested in detective stories might read a higher level book if the motivation is there. How to read the book depends on students' age, motivation and class time available. Some classes like to read silently, others like to read aloud in small groups and some enjoy being read to by the teacher. Be sensitive to the class and ask for their opinions. Some pre-reading activities are needed. Before students open a book, it is important to spark interest in the story and in the whole process of reading. For example, ask them to guess what the story is from cover, chapter titles and let students put them in the best order, or discuss the author. During reading, choose a suitable chapter or chapters that can be broken down to make a comic strip . Or students select a part of the book to make into a radio play. Students can also become journalists and report on parts of the story. Choose a piece of action and have students write it up. Besides, students can role-play an interview with a character.", "qas": [{"question": "When do you think students can become journalists and report on parts of the story?", "id": "6d259af8da794a94899b98d2c0764ad7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "We like people who look like us, because they tend", "paragraphs": [{"context": "We like people who look like us, because they tend to have personalities similar to our own. And, a new study suggests, the longer we are with someone, the more similarities in appearance grow. Researchers set out to study why couples often tend to look like one another. They asked 11 male and 11 female participants to judge the age, attractiveness and personality of 160 real-life married couples. Photographs of husbands and wives were viewed separately, so the participants didn't know who was married to whom. The test participants rated men and women who were actual couples as looking alike and having similar personalities. Also, the longer the couples had been together, the greater the similarities. The researchers guess that the sharing of experiences might affect how couples look. The idea that there is a connection between appearance and personality might seem strange at first, but there could be biological reasons for a link, said study member Tony Little from the University of Liverpool in England. \"The face displays our emotions and over time, emotional expressions may become written in the face,\" Little told Live Science. For example, someone who smiles a lot may develop lines and muscles that are suggestive of someone who is happy. Other studies have shown that partners who are genetically similar to each other tend to have happier marriages. The new study indicates that people have different features when using facial appearance to make decisions about someone's personality, and that the particular cues focused on change from face to face. Vital to the decision, however, are eyes and smiles. \"Smiles are important social cues that may tell us whether or not someone is friendly, and eyes are also a traditional focus of attention,\" Little said. Overall face shape can be important too. For example, the combination of large chins and strong brow ridges can create an impression of disagreeableness and being unwilling to cooperate, Little said.", "qas": [{"question": "Which part of a person's face can help you judge whether he/she is paying attention to you?", "id": "2357455d9e4c4da0b5ce5d0ce597e8c0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In the computer age, most of us take a broadband I", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In the computer age, most of us take a broadband Internet connection for granted. Whether cable or mobile broadband, today's connections are many times faster than those in the early days. Videos play smoothly, complex websites load quickly, and files download much faster than ten years ago. And the files are much bigger too. There's _ , of course: You have to live near enough to a major city to get broadband Internet. If you don't, it's slow dial-up access for you. And for those living really far out, there may be no Internet access at all. Technology experts often talk about the \"last mile\" problem, which refers to the difficulty of bringing Internet access to remote locations. In cities and suburbs, it's relatively easy to provide access for everyone. It is much more difficult to deliver access to those living far from cities, especially in developing countries. Internet service providers, for their part, have been reluctant to provide access to sparsely populated areas. The handful of Internet users they would reach wouldn't cover the expense. But every year, technological advancements allow of more and more Internet users. Most broadband connections today run over existing cable TV and telephone lines although these technologies aren't available everywhere. Some companies have delivered the Internet over standard power lines. Advancements in cheaper, more efficient fiber optics cables promise to bring extremely fast Internet connections to more users. Still, the \"last mile\" problem remains hard to deal with. There will always be somewhere that doesn't have an affordable broadband connection. But someday that might not matter. If the rapid progress in cell phone technology is any indication , it may not be too long before an Internet connection simply follows you wherever you go.", "qas": [{"question": "What may eventually settle the \"last mile\" problem?", "id": "fba83dd31238422fbb1635257d5d74c4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A person who is deaf when he is born is usually du", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A person who is deaf when he is born is usually dumb as well. There may be nothing wrong with his mouth and tongue, but he cannot speak. This is because he cannot hear people, so he has nothing to imitate . He may try to make sounds himself, but cannot hear his own voice. However, even though he finds it difficult to speak and cannot hear, he can learn to read. Nowadays such persons can also be taught to speak because we have modern methods and equipment, but we did not have these when Helen Keller was born. Even with modern methods and equipment, however, it is not easy for deaf children to learn to speak, though most of them succeed. When a child is deaf and blind as well, it becomes much more difficult, though it is possible. Helen Keller was born in 1880. She became very ill at the age of nineteen months. Medical knowledge was not as great then as it is now. She did not die but lost her sight and hearing. As a result, she became dumb as well. Her parents did their best to teach her, but she couldn't speak by the age of six. Then, in 1887, a teacher, Miss Sullivan, came to live with her. Miss Sullivan herself had been blind. She had been partly cured. Though she could not see very well, she was not blind. Helen was a difficult pupil at first, but in a month Helen had learned how to understand signs and how to make them herself. At last in spite of her great difficulties, Helen learned to read, write and speak, even though she was deaf and blind. She even went to college and had full education. She wrote many books, and though other people have written books about her, her own books are the ones that best explain how it feels to be deaf, dumb and blind. Her best book is The Story of My Life. Perhaps you have read it. Though it was written in 1902, it is still a very interesting book. Even if you have not read it, you may have heard of Helen Keller.", "qas": [{"question": "How long did it take Keller to understand signs?", "id": "5b582f33ec8743748f491acb0342180b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A town in Oxfordshire has become the first in the ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A town in Oxfordshire has become the first in the UK to have biomethane gas from human waste piped to their homes for gas central heating and cooking. Up to 200 families in Didcot now receive the gas via the national gas power system. Head of energy and technology at British Gas, Martin Orrill, said customers wouldn't notice any difference as the gas is purified to the highest standard and has no smell. The gas is produced at a sewage treatment works plant in Didcot. The entire process takes only less than three weeks, with the sewage being collected and sent first to settlement tanks. The solid waste material is then fed into digesters, where anaerobic bacteria digest the sewage, with the aid of enzymes to speed up the process. The digestion process produces methane, which can be burned to drive machines to produce electricity, or can be purified and fed into the gas network and piped to homes and businesses. British Gas says supplying the gas rather than electricity is far more efficient since around two-thirds of the energy is lost in producing electricity. Partners in the Didcot project, British Gas, Scotia Gas Networks, and Thames Water, all hope to expand the process to other towns, and other companies such as Ecotricity and United Utilities have also announced biomethane projects being planned. One of these projects, in Manchester, could be supplying 500 homes with biomethane by mid next year. Another British Gas project in Suffolk will provide gas from digestion of brewery wastes to around 235 families. The Didcot project cost PS2.5m and was influenced by promises of government aids aimed at encouraging companies to develop renewable technologies. An EU directive means the UK must ensure at least 15 percent of its energy is from renewable sources by 2020. The UK produces about 1.73 million tons of sewage annually. If all sewage treatment works in the UK were fitted with the technology, they could supply gas for up to 350,000 families.", "qas": [{"question": "What should the text belong to?", "id": "bcad17681ac74b3fb2adbec41de917e6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Americans have always been interested in their Pre", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Americans have always been interested in their Presidents' wives. Many First Ladies have been remembered because of the ways they have influenced their husbands. Other First Ladies have made the history books on their own. At least two First Ladies, Bess Truman and Lady Bird Johnson, made it their business to send signals during their husbands speeches. When Lady Bird Johnson thought her husband was talking too long, she wrote a note and sent it up to the platform. It read, \"It's time to stop ! \" And he did. Once Bess Truman didn't like what her husband was saying on television, so she phoned him and said, \"If you can't talk more politely than that in public, you come right home. \" It was First Lady Helen Taft's idea to plant the famous cherry trees in Washington, D. C. Each spring these blossoming trees attract thousands of visitors to the nation's capital Mrs. Taft also influenced the male members of her family and the White House staff in a strange way: she convinced them to shave off their beards ! Shortly after President Woodrow Wilson suffered a stroke , Edith Wilson unofficially took over most of the duties of the Presidency until the end of her husband's term Earlier, during World War I, Mrs. Wilson had sheep brought onto the White House lawn to eat t e grass. The sheep not only kept the lawn cut. but provided wool for an auction held by the First Lady. Almost$ 100,000 was raised for the Red Cross. One of the most famous First Ladies was Eleanor Roosevelt, the wife of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. She was active in political and. social causes throughout her husband's term in office After his death, she became famous for her humanitarian work in the United Nations. She made life better for thousands of needy people around the world.", "qas": [{"question": "Who did the most meaningful work among the first ladies?", "id": "b8a005331651471d8d4a9321a2d37f71", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Recently we asked for people's opinions about payi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Recently we asked for people's opinions about paying students to encourage them to come to class and get higher scores on tests. Some American schools are doing this. More of the people were against the idea than were for it. Some people said paying students sends a message that money is the only reason they should study for. Steven from prefix = st1 /Chinasays students should study for knowledge. Money may make a difference in the short term, he says, but we should think about the long term. Zhao Jing Tao, a college student in China, thought of an old saying. Paying students is like \"drinking poison to end thirst\"-- trying to solve a problem without thinking of the bad effects. Dinh Minh Tuan from Vietnamsays rewards are important because they prepare students for the future life. But young children should get things they value more than money, like funny books, pens and film tickets. There was a suggestion from South Korea that if rewards are necessary for learning,they could be gathered like a charity fund. This money could be used for a project designed by the students. Francisco Mora from Colombiasays the city ofBogotapays parents, so children do not have to work until they finish their basic education. This, he says, has increased the number of students who come to public schools. Teresa Finamore wrote: \"I am an Italian teacher of math and science for students from eleven to fourteen. I think that it is wrong to pay students. Each student has to understand that going to school, he gets a wonderful chance to live better in the future and also at present.\" Nelly Constant in France wonders, if young people get paid for studying, what will they expect from a job --a rocket to the moon? Sergio Fernandes from Brazilsays paying students is not realistic. But Camillus Chiemela, a Nigerian living inGermany, feels it will help to make the education system better. Students' expectations will be much higher. Naval from Russiaalso says yes to the idea: \"We should at least get something for our time wasted. Because in my country students pay money to go to school or get good grades from teachers.\" And Lucy Ding from Chinasays most Chinese students work hard for two reasons: their parents' expectations and pressure from teachers. She says getting rewards will become a good thing that will get students to work hard for themselves, for the things they hope to get.", "qas": [{"question": "Who of the following says yes to the idea of paying students?", "id": "df69b8920f7b48429405469c46762ef1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Welcome to Adventureland! Everyone loves Adventure", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Welcome to Adventureland! Everyone loves Adventureland !The Parks and Exhibitions were built for you to explore ,enjoy,and admire their wonders.Every visit will be an unforgettable experience.You will go away enriched,longing to come back.What are you going to do this time? The Travel Pavilion Explore places you have never been to before,and experience different ways of life.Visit the Amazon jungle village,the Turkish market,the Tai floating market,the Berber mountain house and others.Talk to the people there who will tell you about their lives,and things they make.You can try making a carpet,making nets,fishing... The Future Tower This exhibition shows how progress will touch our lives.It allows us to look into the future and explore the cities of the next century and the way we'll be living then.Spend some time in our space station and climb into our simulator for the Journey to Mars! The Nature Park This is not really one park but several.In the Safari Park you can drive among African animals in one of our Range Cruisers:see lions,giraffes,elephants in the wild.Move on to the Ocean Park to watch the dolphins and whales.And then there is still the Aviary to see... The Pyramid This is the center of Adventureland.Run out of film,need some postcards and stamps?For all these things and many more,visit our underground shopping center.Come here for information and ideas too.", "qas": [{"question": "If you want to get a toy lion to take home,where will you most likely go?", "id": "c3a01b70634f44589af2b2ff6e7ecd58", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "One man tells of driving on a long and lonely road", "paragraphs": [{"context": "One man tells of driving on a long and lonely road, the last 65 miles of it unpaved, in order to watch Indian dances in the state of Arizona.After the dances, he returned to his car only to find that it had a flat tire.He put on the spare and drove to the only service station in that town. \"Do you fix flats?\" he inquired of the attendant. \"Yes,\" came the answer. \"How much do you charge?\" he asked. With a twinkle in his eye, the man replied, \"What difference does it make?\" This is what has been called a \"Hobson's choice\".A Hobson's choice is a situation that forces a person to accept whatever is offered or go without. According to Barbara Berliner, the phrase was inspired by sixteenth-century entrepreneur Thomas Hobson.There was no choice by the customer -- it was strictly Hobson's choice. But often we really have a choice, and the choice does make a difference.We may not always believe it.We may feel as if we have no choice, but almost always there is a choice in the matter.And when we realize that we do most things by choice, then we are taking control of our own lives. Someone challenged me to try an experiment that completely changed my perspective(,).\"For the next seven days,\" he said, \"remove the words 'I have to' from your vocabulary and say 'I choose to'.Don't say, 'I have to work late tonight'.Instead, say, 'I choose to work late'.When you choose to do it, you take control of your life.Instead of saying 'I have to stay home', try 'I choose to stay home'.The way you spend your time is your choice.You are responsible.You have control.\" In just seven days I was no longer saying \"I have to\" and I felt better about my decisions.I learned that there is very little in my life I actually have to do.You and I decide to do certain things because we believe that it will be for the best.When we remove \"I have to\" from our vocabularies, we take control. Try it for a week and you see what happens.I think you'll see it's a change for the better.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the best title of this passage?", "id": "64ec3167ea61401896cc40580ff603aa", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Fat on human body is distributed in two different ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Fat on human body is distributed in two different ways. Some fat people have a large chest and no waistline , looking rather like apples. Others are fatter below the waist, looking more like pears. Doctors in Cambridge, England have been examining the relationship between health and fat distribution. They find that the pear-shaped fat people have fewer problems than the apple-shaped people. What seems to be most important is not just how much fat you have but where you have it. The doctors measured the apple-shaped women and pear-shaped women and examined them with X-ray scanners (X). Human beings have two types of fat, one is outside fat that is the fat below the skin and the other is inside fat that lies inside the body. Using the X-ray scanners, the doctors found that the \"apples\" have a large amount of inside fat. If this inside fat is much more than outside fat, it will probably cause health problems such as obesity . The best treatment for obesity is to reduce the inside fat. But unfortunately diet treatment simply makes an apple-shaped person into a smaller apple and a pear-shaped person into a smaller pear. At the moment there is no effective way of reducing the inside fat.", "qas": [{"question": "If you are fatter below your hip   you are", "id": "0fc3a81385554cd39517ae392aeb12cb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In October, Ubayd Steed, a sixth grader in Philade", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In October, Ubayd Steed, a sixth grader in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was taking a math test when he noticed a classmate looking at his paper. \" I quickly turned my paper over,\" he said. Later that day, Ubayd met the cheater and told him not to do it again. Unfortunately, Ubayd' s experience is not unusual. Whether it's kids copying class -mates' answers during tests or friends sharing homework, cheating happens in schools every day. Experts say the behavior starts in the lower grades. Surveys show that one in three elementary students admits to cheating. Jacob Harder, a fourth grader in Ware, Massachusetts, has had classmates ask to copy his homework. \"I wouldn't want to just tell them the answers,\" he says. So instead, he explains the task and encourages his classmates to do it themselves. But many kids find it hard to say no. \"l hear from kids all the time, ' I can' t say no to a friend,'\" says Eric Anderman, a professor at The Ohio State University who studies cheating in school. He says it' s important to say no from the start. \"Then you _ , and the other kid gets the message,\" he says. Plus, he points out, \"a real friend is not going to disown you because he or she couldn't copy your math homework.\" The kids doing the copying may feel they need to cheat to be accepted by other kids. And some students may cheat simply because others do. \"If you' re in an atmosphere where cheating is common, you may think that if you don' t cheat, you' re at a disadvantage,\" says Michael Josephson, founder of the Josephson Institute of Ethics. But Josephson says students shouldn't think that way. \"There are a lot of things kids do,\" he says. \"You have to decide what kind of person you' re going to be.\" When school becomes too challenging, Anderman suggests going to the teacher rather than relying on the work of others. \"It' s good to ask for help,\" he says.", "qas": [{"question": "Who advises kids to turn to teachers for help when they fall behind in studies'?", "id": "8a93ba8429914059be17fc71e071a550", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "McGill Comedy Club Important meetings today. Discu", "paragraphs": [{"context": "McGill Comedy Club Important meetings today. Discussion on putting on Blazing Saddles. Union room 302, 3-4pm. New members (both actors and non-actors, living and dead) are welcome. History Students' Association Prof. Michael Cross of Dalhouseie University will be speaking on \"Unskilled Labor on Rivers and Canals in Upper Canada, 1820-1850: The beginning of Class Struggle\" at 10am. in Peacock 230. Design Mirror Sale All types and sizes of design mirrors priced to please. Sale today in Union room 108. McGill Teaching Assistants' Association A general meeting, for all the Tas will be held at 4pm. in peacock 116. Women's Union Important general meeting at 6pm. Union room 423. Speaker on \"Importance of Deciding Basic Goals of the Women's Union.\" Everyone ----old, new and those interviewed, please attend. Film Society Last meeting of the term for all members. All managers are required to be present at 6pm. sharp, Union room 434. Canadian University Students Overseas CUSO presents \"Guess Who's Coming to Breakfast\" at 7pm. newman Centre, 3848 Peel. Find out about CUSO here and overseas. Everyone welcome.", "qas": [{"question": "If you are interested in arts, where can you go for a visit?", "id": "763a31e509c842279a6c3f58d284d1c0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "By the mid-nineteenth century, the term \"icebox\" h", "paragraphs": [{"context": "By the mid-nineteenth century, the term \"icebox\" had entered the American language, but ice was still only beginning to affect the diet of ordinary citizens in the United States. The ice trade grew with the growth of cities. Ice was used in hotels, taverns , and hospitals, and by some forward-looking city dealers in fresh meat, fresh fish, and butter. After the Civil War (1861-1865), as ice was used to refrigerate freight cars, it also came into household use. Even before 1880, half of the ice sold in New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, and one-third of that sold in Boston and Chicago, went to families for their own use. This had become possible because a new household convenience, the icebox, a precursor of the modern fridge, had been invented. Making an efficient icebox as not as easy as we might now suppose. In the early nineteenth century, the knowledge of the physics of heat, which was essential to a science of refrigeration, was rudimentary . The commonsense notion that the best icebox was one that prevented the ice from melting was of course mistaken, for it was the melting of the ice that performed the cooling. Nevertheless, early efforts to economize ice included wrapping up the ice in blankets, which kept the ice from doing its job. Not until near the end of the nineteenth century did inventors achieve the delicate balance of insulation and circulation needed for an efficient icebox. But as early as 1803, and ingenious Maryland farmer, Thomas Moore, had been on the right track. He owned a farm about twenty miles outside the city of Washington, for which the village of Georgetown was the market center. When he used an icebox of his own design to transport his butter to market, he found that customers would pass up the rapidly melting stuff in the tubs of his competitors to pay a premium price for his butter, still fresh and hard in neat, one-pound bricks. One advantage of his icebox, Moore explained, was that farmers would no longer have to travel to market at night in order to keep their produce cool.", "qas": [{"question": "What was essential to to make an icebox efficient according to the passage?", "id": "4d78d797458349c2aff30a3a3f736207", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Mr. Black was the manager of a hotel in Atlanta. O", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Mr. Black was the manager of a hotel in Atlanta. One weekend all of the hotels were full because of a large business meeting being held in the city. On Sunday night, three men came into Mr. Black's hotel and asked for rooms. Mr. Black told them that there were no more rooms available. The men didn't know what to do because they had no place to stay in. Mr. Black wanted to help them. He remembered that there was an empty room at the far end of the first floor -- Room 112. It was a very small room, and had rarely been used as a guest room before. So, he asked the three men if they would mind sharing that small room. They replied that they would be very satisfied so long as there was a room for them to stay in for the night. Mr. Black then told them that the room would cost them $ 30 in total. On hearing this, each of the three men gave Mr. Black $ 10 before they left for their room. However, Mr. Black soon began to think that $ 30 was really too much for that small room. He called his assistant over and said, \"Here is $ 5. Give it back to the three men in Room 112. Each of them paid me $10. That's too much.\" The assistant took the money. While he was on the way to that small room, he thought, \"How can three men divide $ 5? I'll give each of them only $ 1 and keep the $ 2 left to myself. The men will be happy to get anything back, and I can also make some money that way. After all, Mr. Black will never know anything about it.\" So, the assistant returned only $1 to each of the three men. Each man had first paid $ 10. After the assistant returned $1 to him, each man had actually paid only $ 9. There were three men. $ 9x3=\"$27.\" The assistant kept $ 2. $ 27 + $ 2=\" $\" 29. Where is the missing dollar?", "qas": [{"question": "How much did Mr. Black first ask each man for the room?", "id": "56b40c9d3d5d4a2286a55627f6c8875b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Maggiano is an award-winning teacher in the Social", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Maggiano is an award-winning teacher in the Social Studies Department at West Springfield High School in Virginia.He has taught in public and private schools for 25 years.In a piece on his blog called \"The Classroom Post,\" he calls for more males to enter the profession . Men Teach, a non-profit organization that encourages men to enter teaching, reports that in 2008, 18.8% of all elementary and middle school teachers were men.At the high school level during the same year, men comprised 44% of the work force. Why are there so few men in teaching? Men Teach says low pay and lack of prestige , as well as a perception in our culture that teaching is for women.As a result, there is no organized effort across the country to attract men into the teaching profession. A study in 2008 by the National Education Association showed that the number of male teachers hit a record 40-year low.Males comprised 24.5 percent of public schoolteachers.States with high percentages: Kansas (33.6 percent), Oregon (31.6 percent), Alaska (30.9 percent) and Indiana (30.5percent).States with the lowest percentage : Arkansas (16.2 percent), Virginia (17.4 percent), Mississippi (17.5 percent), Louisiana (18 percent), South Carolina (18.5 percent) and Georgia (19.7 percent). There is no definitive research that male students--or female students, for that matter-- learn better from a particular sex. But as Maggiano put it, \"Kids today, both boys and girls, must have the same opportunity to learn from outstanding, devoted men that I did.However, I have heard little discussion about this problem coming from our national leaders.", "qas": [{"question": "In which state are male teachers most badly needed?", "id": "465332a036414c018bcc4a346bc3dbfd", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Here are some books published this year. The follo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Here are some books published this year. The following introductions of these books may help you choose a book to your own taste. Life Simplified If you are looking for a book that will transform your life for good, Life Simplified is that book. If you are looking for a guide to inspire and lead you back to your inherent self, Life simplified will act as your compass. Life Simplified provides readers with a carefully mapped approach to create life changes. The reader will develop a sense of personal pride in their progress as each chapter is completed, motivating them further. The book is an absolute must read if you would like an uncomplicated method in positively improving your life. Building the Best You How can you become the person you've always dreamed of being? Personal transformation begins when you take stock of where you are and what you are doing right now...and work to change it. All you have to do is to answer some basic questions and take five minutes of \"focus time\" daily to get there. You are responding to questions like \"What am I grateful for today?\", \"What challenged me?\" and \"How can I overcome that challenge?\" The Gifts of Imperfection In this latest book, the writer Brown emphasizes that above all other ingredients of living an emotionally healthy life is the importance of loving ourselves. The point is to embrace life and oneself with all the imperfections, releasing the stress of overdoing and overworking. Brown offers exercises for readers to understand their own emotions and begin to develop the kind of resilience needed to refuse unrealistic expectations of others and ourselves. The Strengths Book You are remarkable. But do you always realize it? Realize your strengths and you will be realizing the best of you. Do you want to be confident, successful, and sustainably happy? Do you want to achieve your goals and enjoy better relationships? The Strengths Book reveals the sixty strengths that make us who we are. If you are a manager, a parent, a career changer, or even just you, remarkable as you are, The Strengths Book is for you. Discover your strengths--what you do best and love to do--and transform your life by realizing the best of you.", "qas": [{"question": "Which book doesn't involve the topic of change?", "id": "88d13e7be2174e78909e74388280706e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Enjoy your reading time! We provide a collection o", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Enjoy your reading time! We provide a collection of books for you. Biography When Salinger learned that a car park was to be built on the land, the middle---aged writer was shocked and quickly bought the neighboring area to protect it. The towns-people never forgot the rescue and came to help their most famous neighbor. J.D. Salinger: A life by Kenneth Slawenski published by Random House Price: $27 Mystery \" You're a smart boy. Benny's death was no accident, and you're the only one who saw it happen. Do you think the murderer should get away with it?\" The boy was staring stubbornly at his lap again. A thought suddenly hit Annika, \" You recognized the man in the car, didn't you?\" The boy hesitated, twisting his fingers, \" Maybe,\" he said quietly. Red Wolf by Liza Marklund Published by Atria Books Price: $25.99 Short stories She wants to say to him what she has learned, none of it in class. Some women are born stupid, and some women are too smart for their own good. Some women are born to give, and some women only know how to take. Some women learn who they want to be from their mothers, some who they don't want to be. Some mothers suffer, so their daughters won't. Some mothers love, so their daughters won't. You Are Free by Danzy Senna published by Riverhead Books Price: $14.99 Humor Do your kids like to have fun? Come to Fun Times! Do you like to watch your kids having fun? Bring them to Fun Times! Fun Time's \"amusement cycling\" is the most fun you can have in the Unite States right now. why spend thousands of dollars flying to Disney World when you can spend less than half to that within a day's drive in most cities? Happy And Other Bad Thoughts by Larry Doyle published by Ecco Price: $15", "qas": [{"question": "Who wrote short stories about women?", "id": "42cd86c960924d389467320c63894e44", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I will always remember my mother's last days in th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I will always remember my mother's last days in this world. On February 14th, 2008, my class went on a field trip to the beach. I had so much fun. When we returned to school, my teacher told me to go to the headmaster's office. When I got into the office, I saw a police officer. Suddenly, I realized something was wrong. The police officer told me what had happened and we went to pick my sister up. After that, we went to the hospital and waited. Time went slowly. Finally, we got to see our mother. It was terrible. On the next day, the headmaster came and told my two teachers what had happened. I was taking a test that day. I knew it had something to do with my mother. I kept thinking that she either died or had gotten better. How I wished that she had gotten better. When my teacher took me outside, my sister ran up to me. She started crying, \"She's gone, Terresa, mommy's gone. She's dead.\" I couldn't believe it. We jumped into the car and drove straight to the hospital. Most of my family were there. The silence was terrible. I knew I had to say goodbye. Today when I look back, I still miss my mother very much, but I know that I will live. My mother was a strong mother, who had the biggest heart. She was an angel walking on the earth. I will always remember her as a living. When someone is asked who their hero is, they usually say someone famous, like Michael Jordan or Britney Spears. When someone asks me who my hero is, I tell them, my mother. My mother lives everyday. That is what makes her a true hero.", "qas": [{"question": "Who brought the writer the bad news that her mother was ill?", "id": "b8455f0a5e7e4cf4a3077f5962a0e7b8", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Livescribe Echo Smartpen, $79.99 This pen not only", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Livescribe Echo Smartpen, $79.99 This pen not only records audio, but also records whatever the user writes and even draws. This translates to almost two hours of full audio, or 32000 pages of written text. When using a Livescribe notebook, a college or high school student can easily edit notes without the disturbance of a laptop or tablet. This is perfect for the classrooms that don't allow the use of electronics. Best of all, it allows users to quickly deliver their notes to a computer or laptop. Logitech Bluetooth Keyboard, $107.53 It is a great choice for those who own many different devices and want to use a keyboard over the ones that come with the device. It works on tablets, PCs and even smartphones. It offers four different settings for each device, so changing from one to the other is as easy as turning a knob . It even has a cradle to hold a tablet at the perfect angle, so typing is much easier and faster. ILUV Syren Pro, $ 93.84 It is weather resistant and has a powerful sound engine that works in a full 360 degrees. This allows it to be used outdoors, next to pools and in other activities that are too risky to use other speakers. It offers Bluetooth support and works with iPhones, iPads and many other devices. With its top-mounted controls and wireless capabilities, it can be operated remotely. Cobra JumPak $92.88 It can not only charge phones, but also do the same for most cars. It contains a built-in LED flashlight and a 7500mAh battery, as well as a USB port for charging phones. Best of all, it can be stored inside a backpack, so it is perfect for emergency situation and can even be stored in car console .", "qas": [{"question": "Which device will a high school student choose to use in the classrooms ?", "id": "33f040354ff345fc9555edc18c62dcb5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In the 1950s, a family that owned a farm near Beul", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In the 1950s, a family that owned a farm near Beulah, Michigan kept a bull chained to an elm . The bull paced around the tree, dragging the heavy iron chain, which led to a groove in the bark . The groove deepened over the years. Though for whatever reason, it did not kill the tree. After some years, the family took their bull away. They cut the chain, leaving the loop around the tree and one link hanging down. Then one year, agricultural disaster struck Michigan in the form of Dutch Elm Disease. All of the elms lining the road leading to the farm became infected and died. Everyone thought that the old elm would be the next. The farm owners considered doing the safe thing: pulling it out and cutting it up into firewood before it died. But they simply could not bring themselves to do it. It was as if the old tree had become a family friend. So they decided to let nature take its course. Amazingly, the tree did not die. Nobody could understand why it was the only elm still standing in the county! Plant experts from Michigan State University came out to observe the tree. They observed the scar left by the iron chain, now almost completely covered by bark. The experts decided that it was the chain that saved the elm's life. They reasoned that the tree must have absorbed so much iron from the chain that it became immune to the virus. It's said that what doesn't kill you will make you stronger. Or, as Earnest Hemingway put it, \"Life breaks us all, but afterwards, many of us are strongest at the broken places.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What actually saved the elm?", "id": "a429bdb38452449a8077ed6d0ecab8cb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"Just ate chicken feet for lunch. \" These were the", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"Just ate chicken feet for lunch. \" These were the words I wrote on my blog yesterday. By the next day there were hundreds of comments from my friends. They ranged from \"OH MY GOD! That is so disgusting! \" to \"What were they like?\" to \"Why can't you eat sandwiches like everyone else?\" To Chinese people, chicken feet are a normal snack. To my friends in Britain, the thought of eating a chicken's foot is----well, weird . As weird, in fact, as eating a bullfrog, scorpion , snake, or turtle. But if there are two things I love more than anything else in life, they are: trying new things and food. I arrived in Beijing five months ago. Since then, I've searched for the \"weirdest\" foods so I can try them, then treat my friends to some \"virtual eating\" on my blog. One weekend, I went to Wangfujing, Beijing's \"snack street\". The trip gave me tons of blog material. \"I chose a stick with three live, wriggling scorpions on it,\" I wrote. \"And it was pretty good. The scorpion was warm and crispy. The legs did have a tendency to get stuck between one's teeth, however. What's more, I am sure scorpion number two stung me with its tail in revenge .\" Next came snake: \"A bit like a cross between fish and chicken, with a slightly rubbery texture and meaty taste.\" Some people were actually angry when I ate turtle soup----especially when I posted pictures showing the poor little guy's head staring sadly up at us from the bowl. \"I am never speaking to you again,\" wrote one (former) friend. Still, I will continue my culinary quest. Next on my list is starfish, though I feel I should have some vegetables too----algae, maybe. So what am I eating, tonight, you may ask. Pizza. Well, a girl's gotta have a break sometimes.", "qas": [{"question": "What does the writer like most in life?", "id": "cece98772c0949a7bbb283cf684d5136", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The London Eye 4D Film Experience started in Augus", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The London Eye 4D Film Experience started in August and is included in the London Eye ticket price. It is a fantastic 4D film to entertain you before your trip on the London Eye. The 4D effects are great. No Extra Cost to You That's right; you buy your ticket for the London Eye and 4D cinema experience. Merlin Entertainments, the London Eye owners, spent 5 million creating the film and building the 4D cinema and wanted to improve the value for money of the London Eye. What to Expect The 4D Cinema entrance is in the ticket hall. So after buying your ticket, go straight to it, where you'll be given a pair of glasses. About 160 visitors will pass through the 4D cinema every 8 minutes so don't worry about waiting time. People in the bright pink cinema are all standing on four levels. The top level is designed for wheelchairs. London Eye 4D Film Put on your glasses and enjoy yourself. The story is about a little girl visiting London with her father and she wants to be higher to get a better view so she comes to the London Eye. It differs from watching the 3D film for all your senses are involved. When it snows on screen, you feel it snows in the cinema. And when you watch the fireworks, you can really smell them. For a short film, less than four minutes, before the main attraction you think you've come for, you are going to love this free extra. I stood there with my mouth wide open at the end as many others did. It's fantastic! The effects are the Hollywood standard as no expense is spared. I was lucky enough to try the film three times on the first day and I still want to go back again.", "qas": [{"question": "Where could people get into the 4D film cinema?", "id": "5fa0f31720714d14945131d24aa16d9b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Many French academics,teachers and parents complai", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Many French academics,teachers and parents complain because they feel that intellectual levels are falling rapidly!The figures prove it:young people visit museums less,spend their lives chatting on the Internet,read nothing but Stephen King,while watching American soaps such as Friends or reality shows like Star Academy on television,music player glued to their cars,and the games console handy. It is,however,easy to see these habits in a positive light.Music is the favorite leisure activity:86% of 14-to18-year-olds put it at the top of their activities,above the cinema(71%),clubbing(68%),sport(56%) and television(48%).For 90% of young people aged 14to 18,radio is also very popular:they listen to it every day without exception.International popular music has a strong showing,but songs in French are still in the majority(60%). Young people do,of course,watch a lot of television,but less than their elders,and if they tend to choose mostly soaps and reality TV shows,that is because these are the programs people talk about,which encourages social interaction.Do young people read less than they used to?Maybe,but that's also true of the elders.Young people still read more than their elders.When asked,\"Do you like reading?\",94% of 14-to-18-year-olds say they do,and 81% are convinced that computers will never replace books. Contrary to popular belief,reading continues to occupy an extremely important place in leisure-time activities,but the reading matter young people choose has changed considerably:there is a greater variety of media(computers and new technologies) and young people admit to taste they would perhaps have been ashamed of in the past.For example,comic strips,Stenphen King or other authors not recognized by mainstream culture,such as Betty Mahmoody (Not Without My Daughter),Mary Higgins Clark or Jostein Gaader (Sophie's World).As Beatrice Toulon,Editor in Chief of the magazine Phosphore,see it,\"They don't read the same things as their parents did,but they are not afraid to admit it.They have their own culture,which they flaunt openly!\"", "qas": [{"question": "Which activity is the most popular with young French people?", "id": "08c610e03f4c42e5912ef8cca40bb24d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "People in Poland tend to spend Christmas with thei", "paragraphs": [{"context": "People in Poland tend to spend Christmas with their families, and the most important part of Christmas is Christmas Eve supper. The whole family just sits around the table, and there are twelve traditional dishes on the table, and you are supposed to taste them all, because if you don't try them all you may have bad luck in the coming year. Before everybody sits down to supper, they just break wafers with each other, wishing each ot her good luck. As soon as the supper is over, the children go to the other room, where the big Christmas tree stands and they find Christmas presents under the Christmas tree. After that, the whole family just sits around the table singing Christmas songs, and waiting for midnight to come, when they go to church.", "qas": [{"question": "With whom do Polish people have Christmas Eve supper?", "id": "5efa98ddf6c94f75a504af584b62c39d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Superfast doubledecker trains will be taking passe", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Superfast doubledecker trains will be taking passengers from London to six big cities in the UK by 2033. The first phase linking London to the West Midlands with a connection to HS1 is expected to open in 2026, and the second phase to Manchester and Leeds in 2032. The government set out a plan for the highspeed rail network in 2012. When the project is finished, it will take less time to get to London from major cities like Birmingham, Manchester and Leeds. Traveling at a speed of up to 250 mph, passengers will be able to come and go from Birmingham to London in 49 minutes, reducing the journey time by almost half from one hour and 24 minutes. A journey from Birmingham to Leeds will be reduced from two hours to 57 minutes and a journey from Manchester to London will be reduced from two hours and 8 minutes to one hour and 8 minutes. \"HS2 is an important part of transport's lowcarbon future,\" Transport Secretary Justine Greening said. Some people aren't happy about the plan, though. HS2 will cost around PS33 billion. It will also be built near some towns and villages, disturbing the people that live there. But the Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne thinks it will help build the future for Britain. \"It's a longterm decision,\" he said. HS2 is designed for everything around the needs of the passengers. It will provide a new and exciting travel experience. There will be plenty of room, intelligent ticketing, a good service and high quality comfort and access to trains. This is a transport network for the new century and beyond.", "qas": [{"question": "How long does it usually take you to travel from Birmingham to London by the ordinary train?", "id": "4345ad18ce5f44baad147ebf89eed0bc", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In this life, what did you miss? The wife asked th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In this life, what did you miss? The wife asked the husband when she was 25. Despondently, the husband replied: 'I missed a new job opportunity.' When she was 35, the husband angrily told her that he had just missed the bus. At 45, the husband sadly said: 'I missed the opportunity seeing my closed relative before his last breath.' At 55, the husband said disappointingly: 'I missed a good chance to retire.' At 65, the husband hurriedly replied: 'I missed a dental appointment.' At 75, the wife did not ask the husband anymore, the husband was kneeling in front of the very sick wife. Remembering the question the wife used to ask him, this time he asked the wife the same question. The wife, with a smile and peaceful look, replied: 'In this life, I did not miss having you!' The husband was full of tears. He always thought that they could be together forever. He was always busy with work and trifles. So much so he had never been thoughtful to his wife. The husband hugged the wife tightly and said: 'Over 50 years, how I had allowed myself to miss your deep love for me.' In the busy city life, there are many people who are always busy with work. These people revolve their lives around their jobs, these people sacrifice all their times and health to meet the social expectations. They are unwilling to spend times on health care. They miss the opportunity to be with their children in their growing up. They neglect the loved ones who care for them, and also their health. Nobody knows what is going to happen one year from now. Life is not _ , so always live in the now. Express your gratitude to your loved ones in words. Show your care with actions. Treat everyday as the last episode of life. In this way, when you are gone, you loved ones would have nothing to feel sorry about.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the passage mainly about?", "id": "6ae3d2ea9d4e49219e402da97526b1a7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "If you have ever been discouraged because of failu", "paragraphs": [{"context": "If you have ever been discouraged because of failure , please read on. Usually, achieving what you set out to do is not the important thing. Let me explain. Two brothers decided to dig a deep hole behind their house. As they were working, a couple of older boys stopped by to watch. \"What are you doing?\" asked one of the visitors. \"We plan to dig a hole all the way through the earth!\" one of the brothers answered excitedly. The older boys began to laugh, telling the younger ones that digging a hole all the way through the earth was impossible. After a long silence, one of the diggers picked up a jar full of spiders , worms and a lot of insects. He removed the lid and showed the wonderful contents to the visitors who were laughing at them. Then he said quietly and confidently, \"Even if we don't dig all the way through the earth, look what we found along the way!\" Their goal was far too difficult, but it made them dig. And that is what a goal is for--to make us move in the direction we have chosen. In other words, it sets us to digging! But not every goal will be fully achieved. Not every job will end successfully. Not every hope will come to pass. Not every love will last. But when you fall short of your aim, perhaps you can say, \"Yes, but look at what I found along the way! Look at the wonderful things which have come into my life because I tried to do something!\" And I believe it is the joy in the journey, in the end, that truly matters.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the best title of the passage?", "id": "9d8333ac404c46d59000174411110184", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Today, there are many chances for those who wish t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Today, there are many chances for those who wish to continue their education. However, nearly all require some break in one's career in order to attend school full time. Part-time education, that is, attending school at night or for one weekend a month, tends to drag the process out over time and puts the completion of a degree program out of reach of many people. Additionally, such programs require a fixed time commitment which can also impact negatively on one's career and family time. Of the many approaches to teaching and learning, however, perhaps the most flexible is that called distance learning. Distance learning is an educational method which allows the students the flexibility to study at his or her own pace to achieve the academic goals which are so necessary in today's world. The time required to study may be set aside at the student's convenience. Additionally, the student may enroll in distance learning courses from actually any place in the world, while continuing to pursue their chosen career. Individual assistance may be available via regular airmail, telephone, fax machine, teleconferencing and over the Internet. Good distance learning programs are characterized by the inclusion of a subject evaluation tool with every subject, so a student doesn't need to travel away from home to take a test. Another characteristic of a good distance learning program is the equivalence of the distance learning course with the same subject materials as those students taking the course on the home campus. The resultant diploma or degree should also be the same whether distance learning or on-campus study is employed. The individuality of the professor/student relationship is another characteristic of a good distance learning program. In the final analysis, a good distance learning program has a place not only for the individual student but also the company or business that wants to work in partnership with their employees for the educational benefit, professional development, and business growth of the organization. Supporting distance learning programs for their employees gives the business the advantage of retaining career-minded people while contributing to their personal and professional growth through education.", "qas": [{"question": "What benefit will distance learning bring to an employee of a business?", "id": "a603627bf85c4a46a8dfe9d24b67d328", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The influence of America is increasing in my count", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The influence of America is increasing in my country. Spanish people drink Coca Cola, wear blue jeans, watch Hollywood movies, listen to American music, and eat fast food, and they do these things every day. I think that American movies are a good way to spread American culture because people are often influenced by what they see in the movies. Most of the programs and documentaries we watch on TV are from America, and most of the movies we go to see are made in Hollywood. In the last few years, the government has tried to protect the Spanish movies. Now, in our cinemas, at least twenty percent of the movies which are shown must be from Spain or from other countries in Europe. American culture is a part of Spanish life now. It's certain that many things from America are as much a part of people's lives as Spanish things. For example, Coca Cola is as familiar to everybody as any typical Spanish product. I've known about Coca Cola for my whole life. However, it's different with Western fast food. For example, I don't think McDonald's is as successful in Spain as it is in other countries. In my opinion, one of the reasons may be the lifestyle of the Spanish people. The Spanish people normally eat at home. On the other hand, maybe McDonald's hamburgers will eventually replace the famous Spanish tapas. It's true that in every city in Spain you can find a McDonald's, and it is more popular among the Spanish children than among the adults. In any case, it's obvious that American culture is becoming more and more a part of our lives every day.", "qas": [{"question": "What plays an important part in the spreading of American culture in Spain?", "id": "b61e8a61b42d48b28d18f40378a97a91", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Alexis De Tocqueville,the French political scienti", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Alexis De Tocqueville,the French political scientist,,historian,philosopher and politician.Is most famous for a four-volume book he wrote called Democracy in America.He came to America in 1831 to study the American form of democracy'and what it might mean to the rest of the world.After a visit of only nine months,,he wrote a remarkable book which is regarded as a classic.De Tocqueville had unusual powers of observation.He described not only the democratic system of government and how it operated,but also its effect on how Americans think, feel, and act, Many scholars believe he had a deeper understanding of traditional American beliefs and values than anyone else who has written about. the United States.What is so remarkable is that many of these characteristics which he observed nearly 200years ago are still visible and meaningful today.His observations are also important because the timing of his visit,the 1830s,was before America was industrialized.This was the era of the small farmer,the small businessman,and the settling of the western frontier.It was the period of history when the traditional values of the new country were newly established.In just a generation,some 40 years since the adoption of the U.S:Constitution.the new form of government had--already produced a society of people with unique values.He was,however,a fair observer and saw both the good and bad sides of these qualities. The first part of Democracy m America was written in 1831--32 and published in 1835.A highly positive and optimistic account of American government and society,the book was very well received.He attempted to get a glimpse of the core of American society.all the while promoting his own philosophy:the equaling of the classes and the unavoidable depth of aristocratic privilege The rest of the book he labored on for four years.and in 1840 the second part was published.This was substantially more pessimistic than the first,warning of the dangers despotism and governmental centralization,and applying his ideas and criticisms more directly to France.As a result, it was not received as well as the first part,except in England where it was highly thought of.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the passage primarily about?", "id": "c7e789e6e75c4237b713997d7b1faa8e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When my mother was alive, she used to tell me agai", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When my mother was alive, she used to tell me again and again about the value of just being nice. \"Never underestimate the power of a smile,\" she would say. I fear she would be very disappointed looking at the world today. A lot of people don't smile and when it comes to service today, they're just not nice. Now don't give me wrong, not all service workers but a good many. I was on the phone the other day with a computer help desk. First a man, then later a woman, who couldn't have been ruder. And this to a customer, who didn't know his way around a PC. But no matter, I could tell they thought I was a bother, The woman, in fact, seemed to be chewing gum as she unemotionally clicked off a series of commands for me to perform. The next day I heard from a friend of mine who got a performance review without his boss once looking up at him. Not once. You see it everywhere. Gone are the days when people cared about you. It's a sign of the time, I suspect. But that makes me sad -- for them and for us all. People who aren't happy, who don't smile, who don't kid, who don't joke or make light of even bad situations, make for an even worse situation. And it spreads like a cancer. Someone's rude to you, you're rude to them and to the next fellow you meet, and on and on. Smiles are contagious but so annoyances. The boss who can't be bothered with his workers. The celebrity who can't be bothered with her annoying fans. You know, my mom used to judge presidential candidates by how they smiled. I would say, \"But mom, you don't know if that smile is real.\" \"Oh, yes I do,\" she would tell me. \"I can feel it.\" It's in their eyes, she would say. And it's in their smile. The rest just kind of falls into place.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the best title of the passage?", "id": "fcbf496df8324389969856cb246d429d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Penguin Group Ordinary People Change The World! Pe", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Penguin Group Ordinary People Change The World! Penguin Group and TFK have partnered together to help teachers show their students how they can make the world a better place. Building the encouraging lives of historic figures including Amelia Earhart, Rosa Parks, Abraham Lincoln and Albert Einstein, this attractive program takes a look at the real life stories of ordinary young people who grew up to become extraordinary adults! Download the classroom poster, student worksheets and teacher's guide provided below. Classroom Poster : You can be a Hero, too. Classroom Poster Teachers Guide : Ordinary People Series Teacher's Guide Student Worksheet : Who's Your Hero? Worksheet Student Worksheet : Hero Matchup Worksheet PGA Junior League Golf It Takes a Team! TIME For Kids and PGA Junior League Golf have developed a program all about using teamwork to reach goals. Download this poster to get your students involved in the power and fun of teamwork and cooperation. Encourage your class to go to timeforkids.com/teampoll and take the poll! Classroom Poster : It Takes a Team! International Fund for Animal Welfare(IFAW) Cats, Dogs, & Us TIME for Kids has partnered with IFAW to present an educational animal awareness program called Cats, Dogs, & Us. This project is sure to attract and engage students with discussion starters, in-class activity ideas, a video viewing guide, and many other in-depth and fun resources. Preview IFAW's Cats, Dogs, & Us video at http://ifaw.org/cats-dogs-and-us Classroom Poster : Cats, Dogs, & Us Classroom Poster Classroom Poster / Teachers Guide : Cats, Dogs, & Us Teachers Guide Full View Teachers Guide : Cats, Dogs, & Us Teachers Guide Pages Special Olympics Special Olympics Project UNIFY(r) in TIME and Special Olympics have teamed up to promote understanding of people's differences in the classroom, school and community. Special Olympics Project UNIFY(r) is an education-based project that uses sports and education programs to activate young people to develop communities where all youth are agents of change-promoting respect, dignity and support for people with mental disabilities. TFK Extra : in TIME Project UNIFY(r) Student Guide Teachers Guide : in TIME Project UNIFY(r) Teachers Guide", "qas": [{"question": "Who are the materials mainly intended for?", "id": "5a38425c5a474edf8f62b6f54805a50a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "SPECIAL EVENTS THIS WEEKEND Captain Good Fellow Do", "paragraphs": [{"context": "SPECIAL EVENTS THIS WEEKEND Captain Good Fellow Do you enjoy interesting stories ,funny games and exciting dances? Captain Good Fellow will be ready to teach all these things to children of all ages at the City Theatre on Saturday morning at,10:00,free. Walking Tour of the Town Forget your worries on Saturday morning.Take a beautiful walk and learn about the local history.Meet at the front entrance of City Hall at 9:30.Wear comfortable shoes! Films at the Museum Two European films will be shown Saturday afternoon at the Museum Theatre.See Broken Window at 1:30.The Workers will be at 3:45. For further information,call 4987898. International Picnic Are you tired of eating the same food every day? Come to Central Park on Saturday and enjoy food from all over the world.Delicious and inexpensive.From noon to 5:00 P.m. Take me out to the Ballgame It's October,and tonight is the last chance to see the Redbirds his year.Get your tickets at the gate.It might be cold....Don't forget sweaters and jackets. Do you want to hear \"the Zoo\"? \"The Zoo\",the popular rock group from Australia,will give their first U.S.concert tomorrow night at 8 at Rose Hall,City College.", "qas": [{"question": "You can probably eat Chinese,Italian,and Arabian food at .", "id": "203b7fd60b5e4dcab07ac9cd183ee9af", "answers": []}, {"question": "You can see movies at.", "id": "e38a1b109250412695df327340db278a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Ways to travel Modern life is impossible without t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Ways to travel Modern life is impossible without travelling. The fastest way to travel is by air. With a modern plane you can travel in one day to places which took a month or more one hundred years ago. Travelling by train is slower than by air, but it has its advantages . You can see the country you are travelling in. Modern trains have comfortable seats and dining cars. They make even the longest journey enjoyable. Some people prefer to travel by sea when it is possible. There are large lines and river boats with which you can visit many other countries and different places. Travelling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holiday. Many people like to travel by car. You can make your own timetable. You can travel three or four hundred miles or only fifty miles a day, just as you like. You can stop wherever you wish: where there is something interesting to see, at a good restaurant where you can enjoy a good meal, or a hotel to spend the night. That is why travelling by car is popular for pleasure trips, while people usually take a train or a plane when they are travelling on business.", "qas": [{"question": "How many ways to travel are mentioned in the passage?", "id": "3e88a0817f564d65801d8f6a5bb442f1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When thinking about quitting (stop) smoking, list ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When thinking about quitting (stop) smoking, list all the reasons why you want to quit. Every night before going to bed, repeat one of the reasons 10 times. Decide positively that you want to quit. Try to avoid negative thoughts about how difficult it might be. Develop strong personal reasons as well as your health and responsibility to others. For example, think of all the time you waste taking cigarette breaks, rushing out to buy a pack, hunting a light, etc. Set a date for quitting --- perhaps a special day like your birthday, a holiday. If you smoke heavily at work, quit during your vacation. Make the date holy seriously, and don't let anything change it. Begin to condition yourself physically; start a modest exercise; drink more water; get plenty of rest. Immediately after quitting... The first few days after you quit, spend as much free time as possible in places where smoking is prohibited, e.g. libraries, museums, theatres, department stores, etc. Drink large quantities of water and fruit juice. Try to avoid wine, coffee, and other drinks which remind you of cigarette smoking. Strike up a conversation with someone instead of a match for a cigarette. If you miss the feeling of having a cigarette in your hand, play with something else --- a pencil, a pen, a ruler. If you miss having something in your mouth, try a fake cigarette.", "qas": [{"question": "If the passage is in a newspaper, which section is it in?", "id": "dcb58c74b5ee4d679389db7bcf778c51", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "At 21,Ricardo Semler became boss of his father's b", "paragraphs": [{"context": "At 21,Ricardo Semler became boss of his father's business in Brazil,Semco,which sold parts for ships. Semler Junior worked like a mad man,from 7:30 am,until midnight every day. One afternoon,while touring a factory in New York,he broke down. The doctor who treated him said,\"There's nothing wrong with you. But if you continue like this, you'll find a new home in our hospital. \"Semler got the message. He changed the way he worked. In fact,he changed the ways his employees worked too. He let his workers take more responsibility so that they would be the ones worrying when things went wrong. He allowed them to set their own salaries,and he cut all the jobs he thought were unnecessary,like receptionists and secretaries. This saved money and brought more equality to the company. \"Everyone at Semco,even top managers,meets guests in reception,does the photocopying,sends faxes,types letters and dials the phone.\" He completely reorganized the office:instead of walls,they have plants at Semco,so bosses can't shut themselves away from everyone else. And the workers are free to decorate their workspace as they want. As for uniforms,some people wear suits and others wear T-shirts. Semco has flexible working hours:the employees decide when they need to arrive at work. Also,Semco lets its workers use the company's machines for their own projects,and makes them take holidays for at least thirty days a year. It sounds perfect,but does it work? The answer is in the numbers:in the last six years,Semco's revenues have gone from $35 million to $212 million. The company has grown from eight hundred employees to 3,000. Why? Semler says it's because of \"peer pressure\". Peer pressure makes employees work hard for everyone else. If someone isn't doing his job well,the other workers will not allow the situation to continue. In other words,Ricardo Semler treats his workers like adults rather than children, and expects them to act like responsible adults. And they do.", "qas": [{"question": "In his company, what does Ricardo Semler value most?", "id": "71d9344ba54c4559ad747a4ebd99f029", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Ant Bully Actor: Julia Roberts -- Hova(voice) ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Ant Bully Actor: Julia Roberts -- Hova(voice) Nicolas Cage--Zoc (voice) Language: English Run Time: 1Hour 25 Minutes Price: Mon--Fri$30(VIP:18) $ 15 (Children under 7) Sat.--Sun.--$40 (VIP:28) $ 20 (Children under 7) Lucas Nickel is often bullied by the big boy in his neighborhood. Because he cannot fight back, he takes out his anger on an anthill in his front yard. He stamps it, squirts it with his water gun, and floods it. One wizard ant, Zoc, makes Lucas as little as an ant and Lucas has to work and live in the ants' county. During his staying with the ants, Lucas learns the value of friendship and teamwork, and finally gains the things he wants most: friendship and the courage to stand up for himself. I really enjoyed this movie. It's a fun movie for the whole family. I had really good laughs and enjoyed being there. --James I went to see this film today with my 8-year-old daughter, really without knowing too much about it. My daughter and I were pleasantly surprised at how funny it was. We just couldn't help laughing. I would recommend this film for the whole family. --Mary I've seen several movies of this kind, like Antz or Bugs Life, but this one blows them both away as having greater movie qualities. The film is so well made --some of the scenes are unbelievably beautiful. --John I would recommend their movie to everyone. Whether you go with family or friends, I honestly think this movie has something you will really enjoy. --Sam", "qas": [{"question": "Who appreciates the movie in a different way from others?", "id": "49c819a9a6d5445db8483f8afaca2e83", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When the dog named Judy spotted the first sheep in", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When the dog named Judy spotted the first sheep in her life, she did what comes naturally. The four-year-old dog set off racing after the sheep across several fields and, being a city animal, lost both her sheep and her sense of direction. Then she ran along the edge of cliff( ) and fell 100 feet, bouncing off a rock into the sea. Her owner Mike Holden panicked and celled the coastguard of Cornwall, who turned up in seconds . Six volunteers slid down the cliff with the help of a rope but gave up all hope of finding her alive after a 90-minute search. Three days later, a hurricane hit the coast near Cornwall. Mr. Holden returned home from his holiday upset and convinced his pet was dead. He comforted himself with the thought she had died in the most beautiful part of the country. For the next two weeks, the Holdens were heartbroken . Then, one day, the phone rang and Steve Tregear, the coastguard of Cornwall, asked Holder if he would like his dog bark. A birdwatcher, armed with a telescope, found the pet sitting desperately on a rock. While he sounded the alarm, a student from Leeds climbed down the cliff to collect Judy. The dog had initially been knocked unconscious but had survived by drinking water from a fresh scream at the base of the cliff. She may have fed on the body of a sheep which had also fallen over the edge. \"The dog was very thin and hungry,\" Steve Tregear said , \"It was a very dog. She survived because of a plentiful supply of fresh water,\" he added. It was ,as Mr. Holden admitted, \"a minor miracle \".", "qas": [{"question": "Who spotted Judy after the accident?", "id": "27cf47ce9b934f04840df241531dd450", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Microsoft has a problem:It desperately wants the r", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Microsoft has a problem:It desperately wants the remaining Windows XP users to upgrade to a newer version of the operating system but a good many of them still haven't started.The latest numbers from NetMarket show that Windows XP still accounts for around 29.5%of all desktops in use even though Microsoft is due to end support for the l3-Year-old platform on April 8th.ZDNet reports that Microsoft plans to force remaining XP users to start next week by sending them notices reminding them again that it will end XP support within a month. However, as Computerworld reports,Microsoft may have a tough time convincing some Windows XP users to upgrade because it's trying to sell them on Windows 8,the newest operating system that has angered many longtime PC users by removing the traditional Start menu and by adding the interface a special feature.Computerworld writes that many Windows users expressed anger last month when Microsoft asked them to help switch as many people as they could from Windows XP to Windows 8 partly because Microsoft hasn't offered any sort of discount for Windows XP users making the switch. This is particularly tiresome, these users said,because switching from XP to Windows 8 won't just require a software upgrade but will instead likely force them to buy new machines capable of running Microsoft's new operating system.Some users were also annoyed that Microsoft only mentioned Windows 8 and not Windows 7 as upgrade possibilities. In the end,it looks like when Microsoft ends support for Windows XP next month there will still be a large part of the desktop PC world using the platform.Hackers who have been saving up all their best new malware for the day when Windows XP support ends are about to have a field day.", "qas": [{"question": "How will Microsoft remind users ofthe stop of XP support?", "id": "278848a798dc4266a4e095d37447265b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The following are selected contributors' notes for", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The following are selected contributors' notes for an essay collection. KATY BUTLER, a 2004 finalist for a National Magazine Award, has written for The New Yorker, the New York Times, Mother Jones, Salon, Tricycle, and other magazines. She was born in South Africa and raised in England, and came to the United States with her family at the age of eight. \"Everything Is Holy,\" her essay about nature worship, Buddhism , and ecology, was selected for Best Buddhist Writing 2006. In 2009 she won a literary award from the Elizabeth George Foundation. \"What Broke My Father's Heart\" was named a \"notable narrative\" by the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard, won a first-place award from the Association of Health Care Journalists, and was named one of the 100 Best Magazine Articles of All Time. Butler has taught narrative nonfiction at Nieman Foundation conferences and memoir writing at Esalen Institute. Her current book project is Knocking on Heaven's Door: A Journey Through Old Age and New Medicine to be published in 2013. VICTOR LAVALLE is the author of a collection of stories, Slapboxing with Jesus, and two novels, The Ecstatic and Big Machine, for which he won the Shirley Jackson Award, the American Book Award, and the Ernest J. Gaines Award for Literary Excellence. He is a 2010 Guggenheim Award winner and an assistant professor at Columbia University's School of the Arts. About \"Long Distance\" he says: \"This essay actually came about when I was asked to write about my life after having lost a great deal of weight. And yet, when I sat down to work, all I could do was return to that time when I was much heavier and deeply unhappy. Why? I sure didn't miss those days. And yet, I felt I couldn't write about my present without touching on that past. But, of course, I never reach the true present in the essay. Maybe I still don't know how to talk about a life with greater happiness. \" BRIDGET POTTER was born in Brompton-on-Swale, Yorkshire, and came to the United States as a teenager in 1958. She spent the first forty years of her career in television, beginning as a secretary, then as a producer and an executive, including fifteen years as senior vice president of original programming at HBO. In 2007 she earned a BA in cultural anthropology from Columbia University. This year she will complete an MFA in nonfiction, also from Columbia, where she has been an instructor in the University Writing Program. She is currently working on her first book, a memoir / social history of the 1960s, from which her essay \"Lucky Girl\" is adapted. PATRICIA SMITH is the author of five books of poetry, including Blood Dazzler, chronicling the tragedy of Hurricane Katrina, which was a finalist for the 2008 National Book Award, and Teahouse of the Almighty, a National Poetry Series selection. Her work has appeared in Poetry, The Paris Review, TriQuarterly, and The Best American Poetry 2011. She is a Pushcart Prize winner and a four-time individual champion of the National Poetry Slam, the most successful poet in the competition's history. RESHMA MEMON YAQUB wouldn't even be fit to write a grocery list were it not for her guardian editors. Her stories owe many glorious plot twists to Zain, eleven, and Zach, seven. Ditto their dad (Amer) and grandparents (Ali, Razia, Muhammad, Nasreen). Costars: Sophie, Sana, Yousef, and Maryam. Miss Yaqub lives in Bethesda, Maryland. Her next project is an investigation into the whereabouts of two missing people: Mr. Right and Ms. Memoir Literary Agent.", "qas": [{"question": "When did the author of \"Lucky Girl\" come to the United States?", "id": "84594d30428944ee9634a472747d430b", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who is the most successful poet in the competition's history?", "id": "a5673d632d114b4b9f4cabc05cb0033f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In the 1960s, many young Americans were dissatisfi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In the 1960s, many young Americans were dissatisfied with American society. They wanted to end the Vietnam War and to make all of the people in the U.S. equal. Some of them decided to \"drop out\" of American society and form their own societies. They formed utopian communities, which they called \"communes ,\" where they could follow their philosophy of \"do your own thing\". A group of artists founded a commune in southern Colorado called \"Drop City\". Following the ideas of philosopher and architect Buckminster Fuller, they built dome-shaped houses from pieces of old cars. Other groups, such as author Ken Kesey's Merry Pranksters, the followers of San Francisco poet Steve Gaskin, and a group that called itself the Hog Farm, lived in old school houses and traveled around the United States. The Hog Farm become famous when they helped organize the Woodstock Rock Festival in 1969. The followers of Steve Gaskin tried to settle down on a farm in Tennessee, but they had to leave when some members of the group were arrested for growing marijuana . Not all communes believed in the philosophy of \"do your own thing\", however. Twin Oaks, a commune founded in Virginia in the late 1960s, was based on the ideas of psychologist B. F. Skinner. The people who lived at Twin Oaks were carefully controlled by Skinner's conditioning techniques to do things that were good for the community. In 1972, Italian architect Paolo Soleri began to build Arcosanti, a utopian city in Arizona, where 2500 people will live closely together in one large building called an \"archology\". Soleri believes that people must live closely together so that they will all become one.", "qas": [{"question": "Where did the members of the Hog Farm commune live?", "id": "dc25abbc29bc45e488a4ad5383c66157", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "EDGEWOOD-Every morning at Dixie Heights High schoo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "EDGEWOOD-Every morning at Dixie Heights High school,customers pour into a special experiment:the district's first coffee shop run mostly by students with special learning needs. Well before classes start,students and teachers order Lattes,Cappuccinos and Hot Chocolates.Then,during the first period,teachers call in orders on their room phones,and students make deliveries.By closing time at 9:20a.m.,the shop usually sells 90drinks.\"Whoever made the chi tea,Ms.Schatzman says it was good,\"Christy McKinley,a second year student,announced recently,after hanging up with the teacher. The shop is called the Dixie PIT,which stands for Power in Transition.Although some of the students are not disabled,many are,and the PIT helps them prepare for life after high school.They learn not only how to run a coffee shop but also how to deal with their affairs.They keep a timecard and receive paychecks,which they keep in check registers. Special-education teachers Kim Chevalier and Sue Casey introduced the Dixie PIT from a similar program at Kennesaw Mountain High School in Georgia.Not that it was easy.Chevalier's first problem to overcome was product-related.Should schools be selling coffee?What about sugar content?Kenton County Food Service Director Ginger Gray helped.She made sure all the drinks,which use non-fat milk,fell within nutrition guidelines.", "qas": [{"question": "The coffee shop is mostly run by    .", "id": "c54bedf8b8964ab1a01f9f06e2551a7b", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Royal Mint has chosen Beatrix Potter's thievin", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Royal Mint has chosen Beatrix Potter's thieving Peter Rabbit as the first character from children's literature ever to appear on a UK coin. Peter, pictured in the blue jacket that he is forced to abandon in the garden of Mr McGregor when he is caught stealing vegetables, is captured on a special, coloured edition of a 50p coin available from now. The Royal Mint, which described Peter as \"the most recognizable of Potter's creations, and one of the most cherished from children's literature\", will release uncoloured versions of the coin in change later this year. Three more of Potter's characters will also be committed to currency later this year, as part of celebrations marking 150 years since the children's author's birth. The images have been created by coin designer Emma Noble, who said it was \"amazing to be given the opportunity to work with such famous and treasured literary characters\". Potter's The Tale of Peter Rabbit, featuring Peter and his better-behaved siblings Flopsy, Mopsy and Cottontail, was the first of her stories to be published, released in 1902 by Frederick Warne & Co. Potter would go on to follow it with a series of much-loved stories which remain popular today, from The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin to The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck.", "qas": [{"question": "Which character from children's literature can be found on the UK coin?", "id": "3dfc0580c5c945428c6e4156e38b7730", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The MIT Museum is located near the north shore of ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The MIT Museum is located near the north shore of the Charles River Basin in Cambridge, MA, a few blocks from the central part of the MIT campus. The MIT Museum is accessible via public transportation, and is within three miles of two major interstate highways. The Museum is approximately a 30 minute walk from downtown Boston or from Harvard Square. BY SUBWAY Take the Red Line to either Central Square Station or Kendall Square/MIT Station. From Central Square: Walk down Mass. Ave. toward Boston and the main MIT campus. The Museum is on the left at the corner of Front St. From Kendall/MIT Station at the east end of campus: Walk down Main St., away from Boston, to Windsor St., turn left, take the second right onto Front St., and continue to the museum entrance. BY BUS The Dudley/Harvard Square bus travels along Massachusetts Ave. between Boston and Harvard Square. The MIT Museum is across the street from Novartis and a gas station. From Harvard Square, get off at either Sidney St. or Albany St. From Boston, get off at Front St. BY CAR For directions from your doorstep to MIT, Google offers excellent mapping services including directions from anywhere in the U.S. and Canada. Recorded Directions to the Museum: (415) 561-0399 Besides, you can go the Museum via Commuter Rail. You can easily connect to the MBTA Red Line from South Station, or take the green line to the red line from North Station and get off at Central or Kendall Square.", "qas": [{"question": "What should you do if you want to get Recorded Directions to the Museum?", "id": "9584830ef6764d67b30df2f26f54f9b7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "With thousands of years of history and mythology i", "paragraphs": [{"context": "With thousands of years of history and mythology in its area, prefix = st1 /Athens--named for the olive-tree-loving Athena---is more than a concrete jungle. It's a lovely city decorated by outdoor cafes, pedestrian streets, parks, gardens and plenty of characters. _ The city is connected three sides by Mt Parnitha, Mt Pendeli and Mt Hymettos. WithinAthensthere are no less than eight hills, of which the Acropolis and Lykavitos are the most famous. The hills provide a peaceful rest from the noise of the city. Just about everything of interest to the traveler is within a small area surrounding Plateia Syntagmatos (Syntagma Square). This area is connected with the districts of Plaka to the south, Monastiraki to the west, Kolonaki to the east and Omaonia to the north. Plateia Syntagmatos is dominated by the oldRoalPalaceand is the beating heart of the business district, with luxury hotels, banks and airline offices. Plaka, nestled below the Acropolis, is the old Turkish quarter and virtually all that existed when Athens was declared the capital of independentGreece. Though Plaka is packed with tourists in high season, it's also one of the prettiest and most atmospheric areas of the city. Monastiraki is the market district and a fascinating part of town to wander. Psiri, nearby, is full of stylish cafes and bars and makes a great place to stop for a rest of lunch. Kolonaki, a classy living area, is full of trendy boutiques, art galleries and cafes.", "qas": [{"question": "If you want to buy something, where will you go?", "id": "f945fc99b8b84a7391b0c1e0004328af", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "There was once an ant that was very thirsty. It ra", "paragraphs": [{"context": "There was once an ant that was very thirsty. It ran here and there looking for some water but could not find any. Then suddenly, when the ant was almost ready to die of thirst, a large drop of water fell on it. The ant drank the water, which saved its life. The water was actually a tear from a young girl who was crying. Because of her sadness, the tear had magical qualities and suddenly the ant could speak the language of human beings. The ant looked up and saw the young girl sitting in front of a huge pile of seeds. \"Why are you sad?\" asked the ant. \"I'm the prisoner of a giant.\" the girl told the ant. \" He won't let me go until I've made three separate heaps of grain, barley and rye out of this huge pile of seeds in which they are all mixed together.\" \"That will take you a month!\" the ant said, looking at the huge pile of seeds. \"I know,\" the girl cried, \"and if I haven't finished by tomorrow, the giant will eat me for his supper!\" \"Don't cry,\" the ant said, \"my friends and I will help you.\" Soon thousands of ants were at work, separating the three kinds of seeds. The next morning, when the giant saw that the work had been done, he let the girl go. Thus it was one of her tears that saved her life.", "qas": [{"question": "Who or what saved the girl's life?", "id": "80ecdc9b171544a8b60f386ebf05afe5", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When it comes to hotel pools, the indoor variety h", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When it comes to hotel pools, the indoor variety has long been inferior to their outdoor -- often rooftop -- counterparts. But these days, striking decoration, luxury facilities and stunning settings mean many indoor swimming holes can now challenge even the most glamorous of outdoor pools. So go ahead and take a dip at these luxurious indoor pools. The Water Club at Borgata, Atlantic City This nongaming hotel, which is part of the large Borgata complex in Atlantic City, has three indoor pools (and two more outdoors) so there's really no reason for things to get crowded at any of them. A two-lane lap pool is in the two-floor Immersion spa on the 32nd floor and is set against full-length windows that look out to the Atlantic Ocean, the perfect setup for a water workout. An extremely attractive top-floor pool surrounded by lounge chairs, cabanas and lush foliage expresses a more exotic tropical scene than the property's Jersey Shore location. Rooms from $249/ night. www.theborgata.com Altira Macau On the 16th floor of the tallest building on the island of Taipa is the glamorous indoor infinity pool of the impressively massive gaming complex of Altira Macau. It's easy to see why Forbes once named it one of the best hotel pools in the world: One side faces all of the city with crystal-clear floor-to-ceiling windows. Rooms from $235/ night. www.altiramacau.com Waldorf Astoria Chicago The spa at this hotel is done mostly in a stark white, which only further emphasizes the gorgeous rose-design tile-work at the bottom of the pool, giving bathers the feel of swimming over a bed of roses. The 102,600 individually patterned tiles come from Bisazza, an Italian company renowned for its mosaic tile production. Rooms from $435/night, double occupancy. www.waldorfastoriachicagohotel.com The Charles Hotel, Munich One of the largest pools in Munich, at The Charles Hotel, is also one of the most beautiful. The entire spa is outfitted with marble mosaic tiles, mostly in subdued color1s punctuated with red flourishes. At the pool itself, a very pretty mosaic of red coral shows respect to the 19th century Bavarian royalty, the Wittelsbach family, known for its collection of red coral paraphernalia, from dining cups to jewelry. Rooms from $375/ night, double occupancy. www.roccofortehotels.com", "qas": [{"question": "In which of the hotel pools can you look out to the city from one of the side?", "id": "abe6614a44174ba4b0216ef4934a584a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Even while in a deep sleep, people can still learn", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Even while in a deep sleep, people can still learn brand new information. Sleepers soak in new associations between smells and sounds, knowledge that lingers into the next waking day, researchers report online August 26 in Nature Neuroscience. The new study is the first to show that entirely new information can get into the sleeping mind, says Anat Arzi of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel. \"The brain is not passive while you sleep. It's quite active. You can do quite a lot of things while you are asleep.\" But the results don't mean that Spanish vocabulary tapes now have a place on the nightstand. L, Researchers have tried but largely failed to find evidence that complicated information, such as new pairs of words, can make its way into the brain during sleep. Instead of trying to teach people something complicated like a new language, Arzi and her colleagues relied on the sense of smell and hearing. As anyone who has walked by a dumpster in July knows, smells can cause a nose-jerk reaction. Catching a bad smell automatically makes people inhale less, reducing the size of the inhale. But scent of fresh bread causes a long, deep inhale., rzi and her team took advantage of this reaction for their experiment. As people slept in the laboratory, the researchers delivered pleasant scent, such as shampoo. As this nice smell got into the sleepers' noses, the researchers played a particular music. Later, a disgusting smell, such as rotten fish or meat, was paired with a different music. Neither the smell nor the sound woke people up. After just four exposures to the smell-music pair during a single night, the sleepers started to automatically respond to the tones without the accompanying smells, taking in bigger breaths when the shampoo-associated tone played and smaller breaths when played the sound linked to the rotten fish smell. This new learned association lingered into the next waking day, too. Even though the sleepers had no idea they had been exposed to smells or sounds, their behavior proved that their brain had actually learned something during sleep. As before, the shampoo sound stimulated a long, deep inhale, while the rotten fish tone caused more shallow breaths.", "qas": [{"question": "In which part of a website may this passage most likely appear?", "id": "8a1aae2821c44f72884b228da48094ea", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "As we all know , the language is a very important ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "As we all know , the language is a very important tool for people to communicate with each other. In most of the languages , people usually begin their conversations by a kind of small talk -a casual form of conversation that \"breaks the ice\" or fills an awkward silence between people . That is to say , small talk means the little things we talk about to start a conversation . In English-speaking countries such as Britain, people often make small talk about the weather. \" Nice day, isn't it?\" \"Terrible weather , isn't it?\" However, we still have something special about small talk. It must be about something which both people have the same opinion about. The purpose of small talk is to let both people agree on something. This makes meeting people easier and more comfortable . People usually agree about the weather, so it is a safe topic for small talk. But people often disagree about religion or politics so these are not suitable topics for small talk. The topics for small talk also depend on where the conversation is taking place. At basketball matches, people make small talk about the game they are watching. \"Great game , isn't it?\" At train stations, people may talk about the transport system . \" The train service is terrible, isn't it?\"", "qas": [{"question": "What is the favorite topic of small talk for English people ?", "id": "0892fe7dfbd64ecfa36d9cd1716e21cd", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "If you want to stay young,sit down and have a good", "paragraphs": [{"context": "If you want to stay young,sit down and have a good think. This is the research finding of a team of Japanese doctors, who say that most of our brains are not getting enough exercise, and as a result,we are ageing unnecessarily soon. Professor Taijiu Matsuzawa wanted to find out why otherwise healthy farmers in northern prefix = st1 /Japanappeared to be losing their ability to think and reason at a ly early age, and how the process of ageing could be slowed down. With a team of partners at Tokyo National University,he set about studying the brain volumes of a thousand people of different ages and various jobs. Computer technology enabled the researchers to get exact measurement of the volume of the front and side sections of the brain,which relate to intellect and feelings,and determine the human character. The back section of the brain,which controls functions like eating or breathing,does not connect with age. One can continue living without intellectual or feeling abilities. Contraction of front and side parts - as cells die off - was observed in some subjects in their thirties, but it was still not obvious in some sixty and seventy year olds. Matsuzawa concluded from his tests that there is a simple cure for the contraction normally connected with age using the brain. The findings show in general conditions that contraction of the brain begins soon among people in the country than in the town. Those are at least at risk,says Matsuzawa,who are lawyers,followed by university professors and doctors. White collar workers doing regular work in government offices are, however,as likely to have shrink as the farm workers,bus drivers and shop assistants. Matsuzawa's findings show that thinking can prevent the brain from shrinking. Blood must flow through a circle properly in the head to supply the fresh oxygen the brain cells need. \"The best way to keep good blood movement is through using the brain,\"he says. \" Think hard and engage in conversation. Don't depend on pocket calculators. \"", "qas": [{"question": "According to the passage,which people seem to age slower than the others?", "id": "f8c8fd41b469430b9c9e77c916428b18", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A new report says African governments are ill prep", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A new report says African governments are ill prepared to handle the growing number of people over age 65. The population in Africa as in other parts of the world, is getting older. Currently, there are 36 million people on the continent 65 years and above. which is 3.6 percent of the population. up from 3.3 percent 10 years ago. That could rise to 4.5 percent by 2030 and 10 percent by 2050. The African development Bank is raising concerns over the shortage of health insurance and pensions . The African Development Bank says. \"Aging is highly linked with long-term physical and mental disability and a number of long-term chronic conditions.\" \"Africa is not well prepared to care for its aging population right now. And it needs to prepare for this fact.\" said Professor Mthuli Ncube. the African Development Bank's chief economist. African nations spend far less on healthcare than developed nations do _ about $26per person per year. Not so many countries have well developed medical aid plans for the elderly, whether they are privately provided plans or indeed government plans. If you look at the pension plans, you will find the pension industries are not well developed in some of the countries. Professor Mthuli Ncube said African governments failed to take action on health insurance and pensions because they were busy with economic reforms. Another challenge for Africa is the worsening of informal systems of social protection. That is cash and support from both the extended family and community sources. . The African Development Bank recommends governments help carry out health insurance and pension plans. Ncube said African governments didn't have to handle the health insurance burden alone. \"It is not only a must but also an opportunity for private companies to add their bit in this regard\", he said. The report also recommends that African governments consider providing ways of free health services. medications and long-term health care facilities for the elderly.", "qas": [{"question": "What got in the way of developing health insurance and pensions in Africa?", "id": "916e37f161b34149943cc3e7815ee7d9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Young people frequently say that they want to exer", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Young people frequently say that they want to exercise, but they just can't find the time. The solution just might be in-office interval training. Recent studies show that very short but intense exercise rapidly builds and maintains fitness and health, even when the workout is only a few minutes long. Work the stairs You can complete an excellent, effective -- and very brief -- workout in an office stairwell, says Martin Gibala, a professor of kinesiology at McMaster University in Canada and an expert on interval training. For a study that he and his colleagues presented earlier this year, they asked 12 out-of-shape women in their 20s to warm up for two minutes by slowly walking up and down stairs in a campus office building. They completed three of these abbreviated stair workouts per week for six weeks. By the end, their aerobic fitness had improved substantially, the researchers reported, by about as much as if they had been running or cycling each week for hours. Fidget your way to fitness. Parents and teachers may once have urged you to sit still, but wiggling, tapping your toes, standing briefly, and otherwise fidgeting as much as possible at your desk is in fact good for your body. In one recent study, college students showed healthier blood flow in their lower legs if they fidgeted than if they did not. Even better, a 2008 study found that among office workers, those who frequently fidgeted burned as many as 300 calories more each day than those who resolutely stayed still.", "qas": [{"question": "How many studies are shown in the passage?", "id": "b541ea3f28d249a793361d7bae4a199e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Meat and vegetables are measured in grams and kilo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Meat and vegetables are measured in grams and kilograms. Milk and other liquid foods are measured in liters or milliliters. These units only measure quantity: they do not measure the value of the food to the body. The unit which measures the quality or value of food is the calorie the amount of heat given off by food when it brurns. This measurement tells how much energy a certain food has when it is completely used by the body. Our bodies use varying amount of calories. The more exercise we take, the more calories we burn. If we eat food which contains more calories than we use up, then it is possible that we would increase in weight. In order to avoid becoming overweight, it is advisable to eat a balanced diet and not eat too many foods that have a high calorie rating. The table below gives you some idea of the number of calories in food.", "qas": [{"question": "Which word in this passage means \"heavier than normal\"?", "id": "88b59d03d6ef4f8ca1a86f2379b9e797", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Father's day Sunset Live Music Dinner Cruise Sunda", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Father's day Sunset Live Music Dinner Cruise Sunday, June 16th, 2013 6:30pm-8:30pm Join us abroad the 95' Dana Pride for our special Father's Day Dinner Cruise. Enjoy a unique evening of fun on the water, complete with live music by Mike O' Brien and a delicious barbecue dinner. Adult--$ 59 Kids (3-12)--$29 Two and under are Free LOCATION: Dana Point Harbor BOOK ONLINE OR CALL: 949-496-5794 Rancho Days Fiesta July 13, 2013 Celebration the history of Saddleback Valley, there will be children's activities including free crafts projects. Help make and taste homemade ice cream and butter, warm bread from the oven. Dip water and grind corn while learning about the early days of Orange County. Admission is $ 3 for children 3 to 12 years old and $4 for adults. LOCATION: Heritage Hill Historical Park INFORMATION: 949-923-2230 Annual Silverado Counter Fair and Art Festival October 5-6, 2013 The 42thAnnual Silverado Country Fair explores the wonders of the area's Old West rustic culture, great live music tasty food, handmade arts, crafts and family games under the oak-trees below Orange Country's famous Saddleback Mountain. Daytime adult admission: $4/ Kids under 12: only $2 Saturday Night Music Fest : $ 5 for everyone LOCATION: Silverado Community Center INFORMATION: 714-997-3968 Starr Ranch Sanctuary October 20-21, 2013 Audubon California's Starr Ranch Sanctuary invites you to our fall classes for adults. Join our wildlife biologist for two peaceful days at beautiful 4,000 acre Starr Ranch in southeast Orange County and experience nature hands-on as a wildlife researcher. Cost: $ 95 for those not camping (including dinner) $100 for those camping (dinner and breakfast provided) LOCATION: Starr Ranch Sanctuary RESERVATIONS OR INFORMATION: 949-858-0309", "qas": [{"question": "Which event is the most suitable for one who wants to enjoy dinner in a boat with live music?", "id": "7d3ce0c8270e4fe68fccb3a733546eaf", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The National Geographic Magazine, later shortened ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The National Geographic Magazine, later shortened to National Geographic, is the official journal of the National Geographic Society. It published its first issue in 1888, just nine months after the Society itself was founded. It has become one of the world's best-known magazines and is immediately identifiable by the characteristic yellow border running around the edge of its cover. There are 12 monthly issues of National Geographic per year, plus additional map supplements. On rare occasions, special editions are also issued. It contains articles about geography, popular science, history, culture, current events, and photography. The current Editor-in-Chief of National Geographic Magazine is the well-known photographer, Chris Johns, who has photographed extensively in Africa. The foreword to Johns' own illustrated book on Africa was written by Nelson Mandela. Society Executive Vice President John Q. Griffin, and President of the Magazine Group, has overall responsibility for the English language magazines at National Geographic. Terry B. Adamson, Society Executive Vice President who also is the Society's chief legal officer and heads governmental relations, has overall responsibility for the Society's international publications. With a worldwide circulation in all languages of nearly nine million, more than fifty million people read the magazine every month. In May, 2007, National Geographic magazine won the American Society of Magazine Editors' prestigious General Excellence Award in the over two million circulation category and the best photography award for three issues of the magazine in 2006.", "qas": [{"question": "Who wrote the introduction to Johns' own illustrated book on Africa?", "id": "09da59ccc62842699ae714918cd94da6", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Psychologists in Britain have said that the last f", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Psychologists in Britain have said that the last full week of January is the most depressing time of year, and labelled next Monday 'Blue Monday'. Blue is a slang way of saying unhappy. Mondays are generally seen as the worst day of the week because people feel grumpy and tired at having to go back to work after a weekend with a different sleep pattern. There are various reasons why more people feel depressed at this time of year. Many people have unpaid credit card bills for the Christmas presents they bought, and pay day is often not until the end of the month. As the party season is over, people feel stressed because they have to go back to real life - work and commuting; and they may be unhappy with their body image after bingeing on booze, chocolates, and other food at Christmas-time. People may have already failed in their New Year's resolutions, such as giving up smoking. The bad weather in January can also contribute to people feeling fed up. Some companies are taking this quite seriously and offering counselling for any staff who are feeling depressed. They hope that helping people as soon as there are signs of depression will avoid absenteeism . Evidence shows that unreasonable managers who contribute to their staff feeling fed up at this time can expect an uncooperative workforce. However, it's not all bad! Many people feel optimistic at this time, that things can only get better. Psychologists offer suggestions of how to combat feeling blue. These include spending 15 minutes doing a 'gratitude exercise' thinking about and writing down what you are grateful for, such as health, family, friends and so on. Taking up a new hobby, doing some exercise, going to bed earlier, eating a healthy breakfast, and listening to some uplifting music, are all recommended as ways to feel more cheerful. To avoid feeling blue next January, experts say that the best thing to do is to plan better next December. Spend less on presents, eat and drink less over the festive period, and make more realistic New Year's resolutions.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the best title of the passage?", "id": "4f3a861ef3e347a8b1ef2abf420e322c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It was in 1865 that two Frenchmen were looking int", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It was in 1865 that two Frenchmen were looking into the future. Edouard de Laboulaye, who studied history, admired the United States greatly. Frederic Auguste Bartholdi was a famous artist. De Laboulaye was thinking about 1876, when the country he respected so much would celebrate its 100th birthday. What gift would be good enough for the people of France to give? Right away, Bartholdi thought of a giant statue. Bartholdi kept thinking about a statue for several years. Then, in 1871, he visited the United States and saw the perfect place for a huge statue. It was Bedloe's Island in New York. The project -- the Statue of Liberty -- got started almost immediately, and Bartholdi went home to France to begin work. However, the statue was not finished in time for the 100th birthday. The United States Congress approved the use of Bedloe's Island on February 22, 1877. During the 100th celebration in 1876, the arm of the statue that would hold the torch was shown in Philadelphia. In 1879 the huge head was put on display in France. For the face of the statue, Bartholdi used his mother as a model. The statue was finally completed in 1884. The work had been difficult enough, but then some really hard work began. The statue had to be taken apart and packed into boxes. It was not until May 1885 that the statue -- in pieces -- left France for its new home. The statue arrived in June. However, the Americans fell behind on their part of the project. They hadn't raised enough money for building the base of the statue. People wondered if the country really needed or wanted such a gift. Finally, though, the money was raised and the base was completed. The last piece of the statue was put in place on October 28, 1886.", "qas": [{"question": "How many years did it take for the Statue of Liberty to be put in place on its base after it was completed?", "id": "8ae1197094574669b4e786c205290128", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "You may know your mother, but how well do you real", "paragraphs": [{"context": "You may know your mother, but how well do you really know Mothers' Day? Cards, flowers, sales, TV specials, and a day off for someone who really deserves it -- those are what probably come to mind for many people when they think of Mothers' Day. But there's more to the story. The earliest Mothers' Day celebrations were held during spring in ancient Greece. The celebrations honored Rhea, the mother of the gods. During the 1600's, England celebrated a day called Mothering Sunday. On this day even servants were given the day off to spend with their families. A mothering cake was even served with the family meal. In the US, Mothers' Day began in 1872 when Julia Ward Howe, who wrote the words to the famous song The Battle Hymn of the Republic, suggested it as a day devoted to peace. But it didn't really become popular until 1907 when Anna Jarvis started a campaign to honor mothers. She believed that mothers could help people get over the pain they experienced during the Civil War. The US isn't alone in devoting a day to mothers. Many other countries including Denmark, Finland, Italy, Turkey, Australia, Japan, and Belgium also honor their mothers in May. Other countries honor their mothers at different times of the year. Learning more about Mothers' Day and celebrating Mothers' Day are important, but probably not as important as understanding what your own mother, or grandmother, or aunt has really done for you. And that will certainly be appreciated more than one day in year.", "qas": [{"question": "Where was the earliest Mothers' Day celebrated?", "id": "64b966bc82704c9aa78ac2c968ad8075", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "London has a new magazine.However,it is not printe", "paragraphs": [{"context": "London has a new magazine.However,it is not printed on paper any more.Everyone who has a television can receive it because it is already on TV! In order to read this magazine,you need to have a decoder.Each page of it is numbered,so you have to dial a number to choose which subject you want to read about.You have a wide choice of topics to choose from-everything from cooking to the latest news. If you want to read some news,the first thing you have to do is to check at the index page which has an easy-to-remember page number,1 00 for example.From page 100,you can then choose from the news articles on page 101 to 109.From here,you will have to key in the numbers again.Then,the news will appear written across your screen.If you want to go out in the afternoon,you can press 181,and a brightly color1ed weather map will appear on the screen.But if you want to buy some cheap things,you can press 162 for a list of the week's best bargains.And whether you should drive or just take the train,you can simply press 189 for the traffic report.This new magazine on TV is very simple to use.But probably,the best thing about the service is that is being updated all the time.Journalists type new materials directly onto screen and the page of the magazine is replaced in minutes. London already has three services.One,transmitted by ITV ,is called ORACLE while the other two,on BBC,are called CEEFAX because they let you see facts.Although CEEFAX and ORACLE have been operating for some time, they have not been well publicized.BBC engineers do not think that their idea will ever replace books and newspapers because this new invention can't be taken with you wherever you go.But many people would agree that this is a breakthrough as great as the invention of printing, which could change not only our reading habits but also our lifestyles.", "qas": [{"question": "Which is the best title of the passage?", "id": "65b70ceb3cd84291a73437f1afd272f9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Internet can be a great way to connect with pe", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Internet can be a great way to connect with people. The latest web craze is social networking on websites such as MySpace. More than 65 million young people use online social networking sites. That cyberspace trend is causing problems in school, however. In a recent survey, nearly 36 percent of school administrators said that social networking sites troubled learning in their districts. Should school districts ban sites like MySpace? Teachers are worried that some students use social networking to post personal information and to cyber bully other students. One of the biggest dangers comes from people who find out kid's personal information. Many districts have blocked students from accessing or using social networking sites from school computers, and some have suspended students for posting harmful material on those sites from their home computers. Nearly two-thirds of US kids have computers in their homes, according to the US Census Bureau. \"It is important to keep in mind that just blocking access to social web sites at school is not the end of the story,\" warns NSBA executive director Anne Bryant, \"Most of the misuse of these sites takes place at home but still affects the classroom.\" _ . They say the main problem with sites like MySpace is that students don't understand the dangers involved in using them. \"Many students are posting personal information about themselves without regard to who has access to that information,\" Jim Hirsch said, \"Schools should focus on educating their students and their parents on how to be safe online.\" Experts argue that too many schools are forbidding students to use social networking web sites without thinking about their educational benefits. \"Social networking web sites can help connect students in the United States to their peers in other countries, providing invaluable lessons in foreign cultures,\" explains Hirsch.", "qas": [{"question": "Where do students usually misuse social networking sites?", "id": "53ad1b371be840479149f161d49b0664", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "One winter evening, a storekeeper was going to clo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "One winter evening, a storekeeper was going to close up his shop. Suddenly he saw Seth, a lazy, good-for-nothing fellow grab a pound of fresh butter and concealed it in his hat. No sooner had the storekeeper seen the act than he hit upon exactly the right revenge. He would punish the thief, and satisfy his own appetite for fun. Seth had his hat on his head, and the butter in his hat. He was anxious to leave. However, the rightful owner of the butter offered him a cup of hot drink, took him by the shoulders and planted him in a seat close to the stove. The grocer stuffed in the stove as many sticks of wood as he could possibly fit inside. Seth already could feel the butter settling down closer to his hair, so he jumped up, declaring that he must go. \"Sit down; don' t be in such a hurry,\" replied the grocer, pushing him back into the chair again. Streak after streak of the butter came pouring from under the poor man's hat. The fun-loving grocer kept on stuffing wood into the stove. Then, as if surprised, he remarked, \"You seem to be perspiring as if you were warm! Let me put your hat away for you.\" \"No!\" exclaimed poor Seth at last, unable to stand it a moment longer. \"No, I must go; let me out.\" A greasy waterfall of butter was now pouring down the poor man's face and neck, soaking into his clothes, and trickling down his body into his boots. He was bathed in oil from head to toe. Just as his victim darted out the door, the grocer said, \"I reckon the fun I've had out of you is worth the money, so I shan't charge you for that pound of butter in your hat.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What is the best title of the passage?", "id": "60a1fa7cb50344979b4854eb040544fe", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Do's and Don'ts in Whale Watching The Department o", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Do's and Don'ts in Whale Watching The Department of Fisheries and Oceans has developed guidelines for whale watching in Johnstone Strait,where killer whales are found on a daily basis each summer. It is strongly recommended that vessel operators follow these guidelines for all kinds of whales. * Approach whales from the side, not from the front or the back. * Approach no closer than 100 metres, then stop the boat but keep the engine on. * Keep noise levels down-no horns, whistles or racing of engines. * Start your boat only after the whales are more than 100 metres from your vessel. * Leave the area slowly, gradually moving faster when you are more than 300 metres from the whales. * Approach and leave slowly, avoiding sudden changes in speed or direction. * Avoid disturbing groups of resting whales. * Keep at low speeds and remain in the same direction if travelling side by side with whales. * When whales are travelling close to shore, avoid crowding them near the shore or coming between the whales and the shore. * Limit the time spent with any group of whales to less than 30 minutes at a time when within 100 to 200 metres of whales. * If there is more than one vessel at the same observation spot, be sure to avoid any boat position that would result in surrounding the whales. * Work together by communicating with other vessels, and make sure that all operators are aware of the whale watching guidelines.", "qas": [{"question": "For whom is this text written?", "id": "86a9c7fb36d64e23ac7cce83c3d4a9e3", "answers": []}, {"question": "What is the shortest safe distance from the whales?", "id": "6b9640c8b5314c53b37ab3cf2d9c91c1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "prefix = st1 /Yao-less Rockets Keep Rising Houston", "paragraphs": [{"context": "prefix = st1 /Yao-less Rockets Keep Rising Houston Agencies(March 9,2008)--Tracy McGrady had 41 points and nine assists as the Houston Rockets won their 18th game continuously with a 106-96 win over New Orleans on Saturday. McGrady fell just six points short of his season high for points as the Rockets kept their winning record. The Rockets won their sixth in a row since Chinese All-Star Yao Ming went out for the season with his left foot hurt.Yao had an operation earlier in the week. Joining Hands China Daily(March 10.2008)--To celebrate International Women's Day on Saturday, March 8,Avon Products,Inc,a leading global beauty company with almost $10 billion in yearly income and the United Nations Development Fund for Women(UNIFEM)have announced their partnership to ensure women's rights and end violence against women. Avon has offered $1 million to the UNIFEM.The partnership will enlarge the work of the UN to improve women's economic security and rights. Oil prices fall below the $105 mark Bloomberg News(March 11, 2008)--Oil prices dropped below $105 yesterday after last week's record highs and it reduced tension between oil producers Venezuela and Colombia over the weekend. Cold weather in the United States and the continuing weakening of the US dollars were set as main factors supporting prices. The rush to a new record was driven by a US Labour Department report saying that employers cut 63,000 jobs in February--the biggest drop in five years.", "qas": [{"question": "How much did Avon Products,Inc. provide for UNIFEM?", "id": "9d86f0e4e3f848d288b5a7a32f8bffaf", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Facial expressions carry meaning that is determine", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Facial expressions carry meaning that is determined by situations and relationships. For example, in American culture the smile is in general an expression of pleasure. Yet it also has other uses. A woman's smile at a police officer does not carry the same meaning as the smile she gives to a young child. A smile may show love or politeness. It can also hide true feelings. It often causes confusion across cultures. For example, many people in Russia smiling at strangers in public to be unusual and even improper. Yet many Americans smile freely at strangers in public places (although this is less common in big cities). Some Russians believe that Americans smile in the wrong places; some Americans believe that Russians don't smile enough. In Southeast Asian culture, a smile is frequently used to cover painful feelings. Vietnamese people may tell a sad story but end the story with a smile. Our faces show emotions, but we should not attempt to \"read\" people from another culture as we would \"read\" someone from our own culture. The fact that members of one culture do not express their emotions as openly as do members of another does not mean that they do not experience emotions. Rather, there are cultural differences in the amount of facial expressions permitted. For example, in public and in formal situations many Japanese do not show their emotions as freely as Americans do. When with friends, Japanese and Americans seem to show their emotions similarly. It is difficult to generalize about Americans and facial expressiveness because of personal and cultural differences in the United States. People from certain cultural backgrounds in the United States seem to be more facially expressive than others. The key is to try not to judge people whose ways of showing emotion are different. If we judge according to our own cultural habits, we may make the mistake of \"reading\" the other person incorrectly.", "qas": [{"question": "What would be the best title ?", "id": "ba6bbf6c66eb489c91d508cf8cba84fc", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "For the Travel section, writers and editors select", "paragraphs": [{"context": "For the Travel section, writers and editors selected special items to profile from a dozen cities. Brussels: Chocolate. Nearly half the chocolate consumed in the world is eaten in Europe, and Belgium--with average consumption of 14.99 pounds per person a year--certainly covers its fair share. While Brussels, the country's capital, is home to hundreds of chocolate makers, what makes a visit necessary is the rich heritage of traditional chocolate makers. Budapest: Paprika The job of preparing Hungarian paprika was once considered too dangerous for mothers to do. A woman who touched her children upon returning from work risked burning them, so only the elderly and unmarried were allowed the delicate task of separating the skin from the flesh. But by the early 20thcentury, sweeter varieties and a machine turned paprika into a common feature of all Hungarian cuisine. Lisbon: Tiles Is there a bluer country than Portugal? The blue sky and Atlantic Ocean embrace the land. The blue moods of Fado, the dark folk music, form the national soundtrack. And all across Portugal, the typically--blue designs of azulejos--ceramic tiles--are spread across churches, castles, palaces, university halls, parks. The result is a beautiful land of Christian saints, Portuguese kings, historical glories, aristocrats at leisure, seascapes and so on. Madrid: Guitars Walking into one the Madrid's storied guitar makers' workshops can feel like stepping into the past. Curly wood shavings, from the palest pine to ebony, fall onto the floor as artisans turn some humble wood into works of art. It's painstaking work--all done by hand--with classical guitar models and the methods of making them changing little over the last century.", "qas": [{"question": "Which city can be a splendid setting for a film?", "id": "69c1dc0c3ad44691a7b92da76bb1d28c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Here's one number to keep in mind during your next", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Here's one number to keep in mind during your next cell phone conversation: 50. A new experiment shows that spending 50 minutes with an active phone pressed up to the ear increases activity in the brain. This brain activity probably doesn't make you smarter. When cell phones are on, they emit energy in the form of radiation that could be harmful, especially after years of cell phone usage. Scientists don't know yet whether cell phones are bad for the brain. Studies like this one are attempting to find it out. The 47 participants in the experiment may have looked a little strange. Each one had two Samsung cell phones attached to his or her head -- one on each ear. The phone on the left ear was off. The phone on the right ear played a message for 50 minutes, but the participants couldn't hear it because the sound was off. With this set-up, the scientists could be sure they were studying brain activity from the phone itself, and not brain activity due to listening and talking during a conversation. After 50 minutes with two phones strapped to their heads, the participants were given PET scans. The PET scan showed that the left side (the side with the phone turned off) of each participant's brain hadn't changed during the experiment. The right side of the brain, however, had used more glucose, which is a type of sugar that provides fuel to brain cells. These right-side brain cells were using almost as much glucose as the brain uses when a person is talking. This suggests that the brain cells there were active -- even without the person hearing anything. That activity, the scientists say, was probably caused by radiation from the phone. Henry Lai, who works at the University of Washington in Seattle, is uncomfortable with the data related to cell phones. Holding a cell phone to your ear during a conversation is \"not really safe,\" Lai told Science News. Lai is a bioengineer at the University of Washington in Seattle. He wrote an article about the new study for a journal, but he did not work on the study. Bioengineers bring together ideas from engineering and biology. For those who don't want to wait to find out for sure whether cell phones are bad for the brain, there are ways to talk more safely. You can have short and sweet conversations, use a speakerphone or keep the phone away from your head.", "qas": [{"question": "Where is this article probably taken from?", "id": "2e184c27812844a58930819de3792722", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Human beings have a natural desire to explore the ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Human beings have a natural desire to explore the unknown. People with a strong interest in space like to say it is the last place left to explore. But scientists are warning that space exploration for long periods is not going to be easy. They say the human body is not designed to stay in space over an extended period. The New York Times recently published a report about scientists who are preparing astronauts for a trip to the Moon. The newspaper said the scientists want to make sure that their crews return home in good health. But there are many problems to be solved before people are ready for long trips to the Moon, an asteroid or even the planet Mars. Humans developed on a planet with a surface that is more than 70 percent water. Our bodies are also about 70 percent water. When there is no gravity that water moves up toward the head, raising pressure in the skull. Arms and legs grow weaker at what is called zero gravity because they no longer need to push against the force of gravity. Five years ago, astronauts who spent weeks in space reported a change in their eyesight. These astronauts were members of the crew on the International Space Station. Research showed a change in the shape of their eyes. Normally-round eyeballs had become flat during time in space. The research also showed that the right eye was affected more than the left, and that men were more affected than women. Scientists could not find an explanation for the differences. Bone loss was one of the problems first reported by astronauts returning to Earth after longer stays in space. So scientists designed exercise machines to use on the space station. Tests showed that the exercise equipment helped space travelers keep their bones almost as strong as when they left Earth. There are other health issues for astronauts who spend a long time in space. They may have problems eating and sleeping. But the biggest health issue is exposure to radiation. On Earth, human beings are protected by the atmosphere and the planet's magnetic field. In outer space, there is no such protection.", "qas": [{"question": "What is true according to the passage?", "id": "3a66c05170f14ba89e5453b020dc049d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A sense of humor is just one of the many things sh", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A sense of humor is just one of the many things shared by Alfred and Anthony Melillo, 64-year-old twin brothers from East Haven who made history in February 2002. On Christmas Eve, 1992, Anthony had a heart transplant from a 21-year-old donor. Two days before Valentine's Day in 2002, Alfred received a 19-year-old heart, marking the first time on record that twin adults each received heart transplants. \"I'm 15 minutes older than him, but now I'm younger because of my heart and I'm not going to respect him,\" Alfred said with a big smile, pointing to his brother while talking to a roomful of reporters, who laughed frequently at their jokes. While the twins knew that genetics might have played a role in their condition, they recognized that their eating habits might have also contributed to their heart problems. \"We'd put half a pound of butter on a steak. I overdid it on all the food that tasted good, so I guess I deserved what I got for not dieting properly.\" The discussion moved to Anthony's recovery. In the five years since his heart transplant, he had been on an exercise program where he regularly rode a bicycle for five miles, swam each day, and walked a couple of miles. He was still on medication, but not nearly as much as Alfred, who was just in the early stage of his recovery. \"Right now I feel pretty young and I'm doing very well,\" Anthony said. \"I feel like a new person.\" Alfred said his goal, of course, was to feel even better than his brother. But, he added, \"I love my brother very much. We're very close and I'm sure we'll do just fine.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What did Alfred and Anthony have in common?", "id": "1146ebebcf974a55a3a35c64d2895010", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Some people bring out the best in you in a way tha", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Some people bring out the best in you in a way that you might never have fully realized on your own. My mom was one of those people. My father died when I was nine months old, making my mom a single mother at the age of eighteen. While I was growing up, we lived a very hard life. We had little money, but my mom gave me a lot of love. Each night, she sat me on her lap and spoke the words that would change my life, \"Kemmons, you are certain to be a great man and you can do anything in life if you work hard enough to get it.\" At fourteen, I was hit by a car and the doctors said I would never walk again. Every day,my mother spoke to me in her gentle,loving voice, telling me that no matter what those doctors said, I would walk again if I want to badly enough. She drove that message so deep into my heart that I finally believed her.A year I returned to school--walking on my own ! When the Great Depression hit, my mom lost her job. Then I left school to support the both of us. At that moment, I was determined never to be poor again. Over the years, I experienced various levels of business success. But the real turning point occurred on a vacation I took with my wife and five kids in1951. I was dissatisfied with the second-class hotels available for families and was angry that they charged an extra $2 for each child. That was too expensive for the average American family. I told my wife that I was going to open a motel for families that would never charge extra for children. There were plenty of doubters at that time. Not surprisingly, Mom was one of my strongest supporters. She worked behind the desk and even designed the room style. As in any business,we experienced a lot of challenges. But with my mother's words deeply rooted in my soul, I never doubted we would succeed.Fifteen years later,we had the largest hotel system in the world--Holiday Inn. In 1979 my company had 1759 inns in more than fifty countries with an income of $1billion a year. You may not have started out life in the best situations. But if you can find a task in life worth working for and believe in yourself, nothing can stop you.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the author, who played the most role in making him walk back to school again?", "id": "b3d1edcaf4f640be8f7710bf9edc1b44", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Using tablet computers like Apple's iPad and Samsu", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Using tablet computers like Apple's iPad and Samsung's Galaxy Note just before bed can lead to a poor night's sleep, according to research. More and more people are taking their tablets to bed with them to surf the web, check Facebook or email before switching off the light. But researchers are warning that the blueish light their screens emit can stop users getting a good night's sleep. That is because this type of light mimics daylight, convincing the brain that it is still daytime. Blue light suppresses production of a brain chemical called melatonin, which helps us fall sleep. This is because our brains have evolved to be wakeful during daylight hours. By contrast, light which is more orange or red in tone does not reduce melatonin production, perhaps because our brains recognize it as a cue that the day is ending. Neurologists have known for years that staring at screens late in the evening can disrupt sleep. Researchers at the Lighting Research Centre, at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York, are warning that looking at tablet displays for more than two hours \"leads to a suppression of our natural melatonin levels as the devices emit optical radiation at short wavelengths\" - in other words, they emit bluer light. They say: \"Although turning off devices at night is the ultimate solution, it is recommended that if these devices are used at night displays are dimmed as much as possible and that the time spent on them before bed should be limited.\" They drew their conclusions after measuring melatonin levels in 13 volunteers, after they had spent time viewing iPads at full brightness at a distance of 10 inches, for two hours. Melatonin levels were significantly lower after they had done this, than they were after the volunteers had viewed their iPads for the same time, but while wearing orange glass goggles, which cut out the blue light. They wrote in the journal Applied Ergonomics that tablet makers could \"tune the spectral power distribution of self-luminous devices \" so that they disrupted the sleep patterns of users less. It is not just a good night's sleep that could be jeopardized by too much late night screen time. Researchers know that persistent disruption to sleep patterns can lead to an increased risk of obesity, and even breast cancer. However, these studies tend to be comparisons of those with chronic sleep disruption, such as long term shift workers, with those who have normal sleep patterns.", "qas": [{"question": "What is it that stops users getting a good night's sleep?", "id": "84d2f0bd47a64880b142fde7693c2a87", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "People without homes have always been present in A", "paragraphs": [{"context": "People without homes have always been present in America. In the past,they were called hobos,bums,or drifters. It was not until the early 1980s that these people received a new name,when activists named them the homeless. The types of people who were homeless also changed in the 1980s. No longer were they primarily older men. They were younger,with an average age of 35. Their numbers consisted of women,children,adolescents and entire families. They were of many races and cultures. No longer were they only in the inner city. They lived in rural areas and in large and small cities. No longer were they invisible to the people with homes and jobs. The homeless of the 1980s lived in packing crates and doorways. They slept on sidewalks and in public parks. They begged money from passersby. Counting the numbers of homeless people is difficult. However,in 1984 the Department of Housing and Urban Development estimated the homeless population at between 250,000 and 350,000. In 1990 the Census Bureau counted about 459,000 people in shelters,in cheap hotels,and on the streets. In 1995 the National Alliance to End Homelessness estimated that there were 750,000 homeless Americans. The homeless of the 1980s also began to speak out for themselves. Some spoke to Congress and to government committees controlling funding for social programs. Street newspapers,such as Chicago's Streetwise and Boston's Spare Change,had stories,poems,and essays that expressed the homeless viewpoint. The visible and vocal presence of the homeless prompted help from volunteers and government agencies. But what is still needed is a solution to the _ of America's homeless population.", "qas": [{"question": "Who is responsible to get the number of the homeless population according to the passage?", "id": "14cbebccc64249358bbca08e3eb7d25f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Have you ever lost your car on a parking lot? You ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Have you ever lost your car on a parking lot? You don't have a clue where your car is after shopping. Then you start walking around clicking on your car keys so the alarm goes off. It can be annoying, especially on a hot sunny day. No, you needn't install an expensive GPS system to keep track of your car. That's too expensive. You would need to pay a monthly fee to use it. But is there a way to track your vehicle without spending a fortune? Yes, now there is! A California-based company has created a tiny device that works with your smartphone, which could be exactly what you're looking for! What is it? It's called TrackR. It is a state-of-the-art tracking device the size of a coin. It's changing the way we keep track of the important things in our lives. How does it work? It's easy! Install the free TrackR app on your smartphone, connect the app to your device and you're ready to go! Simply attach TrackR to whatever you want to keep an eye on. The entire process of setting it up only takes 5 minutes or less. You can attach it to your keys, briefcase, wallet, your latest tech gadgets and anything else you don't want to lose. Then use the TrackR app to locate your missing item in seconds. If you forget where you have parked your car, pull out your smartphone and open the TrackR app. Tap on the \"find device\" button on the screen and the app will tell you the exact spot of the last known location of the TrackR. What else can I do with TrackR? The device is small and unnoticeable enough that you can attach it to your pet. Put it on their collar, and the issue of searching for them when they run away to nearby places will be over! You'll never waste a minute searching the whole house for it. TrackR even comes with a double-sided glue so you can stick it to your laptop or under your bike seat. Track down and punish the thieves who steal your expensive things! How much does it cost? You're probably thinking that this device is very expensive. False! TrackR only costs $29! That's a small price to pay for peace of mind, isn't it? Where can I buy one? You can buy it directly from the company's website by clicking here https://buy.thetrackr.co/gu/special-offers/15/ .", "qas": [{"question": "Where is this passage most likely taken from?", "id": "f59d7e1bb63544d9a870c6bebe588098", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Over time, the custom of kissing developed as a wa", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Over time, the custom of kissing developed as a way for adults to express their love and affection for one another. The roots of this form of affection can be traced back to primitive times, when mothers fondled their children, much as mothers do today. Much later, in the sixth century, society apparently accepted the custom of kissing between adults as an expression of their affection. Not surprisingly, France first accepted kissing in courtship . There, figure dancing was popular, and each dance was sealed with a kiss. The custom of kissing swept from France through Europe to Russia, where Russian nobility loved to imitate the French. Eventually, the kiss was incorporated into marriage ceremonies, and today lip locks couples into sweet matrimony. The custom of kissing today, as well as in ancient times, serves to pay _ to another. Early Romans kissed each other on the mouth or on the eyes to greet one another in a manner they thought to be dignified. One Roman emperor even ranked a person's importance by the body part he was allowed to kiss. He allowed important nobles to kiss his lips, less important ones to kiss his hands, and the least important ones to kiss his feet. In Russia, the highest sign of recognition from the Crown meant a kiss from the Tsar himself. Today, natives of many African tribes pay homage to their Chief by kissing the ground over which he has walked.", "qas": [{"question": "What's mainly talked about in the passage?", "id": "8452474afb0a40f1904a5571b001b6d1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When he was still a child, Iwatake's father was lo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When he was still a child, Iwatake's father was lost at sea off Hawaii. With no food, his family was forced to move to Japan, where Iwatake joined the army during the war. He lost a brother when the bomb fell on Hiroshima. But over all the time one thing has remained unchanged. His parents bought a Christmas tree in 1937, and his family brings it out every Christmas since then, even when doing so meat risking arrest. \"This tree was a shining light, because it was a symbol of unity in my family,\" Iwatake said as he and his wife put the final touches on the tree, which is about 3 - foot - tall. They took it out once again this year, \"We have put this tree up every year for 70 years.\" Though he considers himself Buddhist, Iwatake was raised in a Christian tradition. He still keeps a photo of the tiny wooden church in Mauri where he and his five brothers went to church services and Sunday school. Christmas was always a special time. His father worked at a store, and Iwatake remembers the day he came home with a tree. It was nothing all that special, just metal - and - plastic, the kind of decoration that can easily be placed on a table, or in a corner somewhere. He got a string of lights, too, the kind with the big bulbs . Soon after, his father died in a fishing accident. His body was never found. Iwatake's mother had s in Japan, and took Iwatake's younger brothers there. Iwatake stayed behind to graduate from high school. In 1941, six months before Pearl Harbor , he moved to Japan as well. \"Things were bad,\" he said. \"There were war clouds hanging everywhere.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What caused the death of Iwatake's father?", "id": "342543ee82c1402aa73ea34b7f5fea9d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "We all need friends and we always have. Our ancest", "paragraphs": [{"context": "We all need friends and we always have. Our ancestors found that gaining the basic necessities of life was easier in a group. It's estimated that the maximum number of people who lived in early communities of hunter-gatherers was 150. Friends aren't bound(......)by blood or family bonds, employment contracts or legal obligations. Our circle of associates includes work colleagues and people we meet at parties, in the pub or on the train to work. Some associates are much more important than our family. We are capable of exchanging an email with these associates, and may have mutual acquaintances with a good number of them, providing common ground. We do things for one another because we want to. Whether writing an answer to a photo put on Facebook, sending a birthday card by post, or making a hospital visit, the efforts we have made for our friends are out of kindness. It is this nature of friendship which requires nothing in return that makes it beneficial and valuable. Friendships take work, and they need to be nurtured, nourished and maintained. We feel good about helping our friends because we are friends. However, we often lose touch with our friends because of a lack of time and energy. When we are carrying a heavy load at work, involved in a serious relationship or raising children, it's hard to spare time for friends. In these situations, we need to remind ourselves of what friends are for and why they can be so important in our lives. In a survey of more than 2,000 married couples aged 55 or older, for both men and women, having friends was the best predictor of being satisfied in marriage -- possibly because they were more satisfied with their lives as a result of having friends. Researchers suggest social relationships are the reason why women live longer than men, Social bonds reduce the risk of disease by reducing blood pressure, cholesterol and heart rate. A lack of good friends is as harmful to your health as smoking or being overweight. Indeed, people without friends are more likely to die younger. Not only do friendships prolong our lives, they make us happier too. People who are socially active don't feel so stressed or feel they can not enjoy anything easily -- they also tend to feel better about their lives and who they are.", "qas": [{"question": "What should we do when we have no time for friends?", "id": "eb0403808d0a4db0b50972eae1f77833", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Welcome to Language upon Thames. This brochure has", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Welcome to Language upon Thames. This brochure has been designed to give you an overview of our Language School and the courses we offer. If you have some additional questions please do not hesitate to contact us for more information. At Language upon Thames, we feel it is important to be flexible, in order that students can decide what period of study suits them best. Small Group General English Courses These courses are aimed at students who wish to improve their speaking, listening, reading and writing skills and are offered at the following levels. BEGINNERS ELEMENTARY PREINTERMEDIATE UPPERINTERMEDIATE Studying one of the above courses will enable you to use English more confidently and competently on a daily basis. Try our free online test to see which level you are at--CLICK HERE. Exam Courses These courses are aimed at students who wish to gain academic qualifications in English and are offered at the following levels. University of Cambridge exams: ADVANCED 1--FCE (First certificate) ADVANCED 2--CAE (Advanced) ADVANCED 3--CPE (Proficiency) Studying one of the above courses will enable you to continue your education or enter university in this country. (Students wishing to gain admission to a British university are normally required to have the Cambridge Proficiency Certificate.) Speaking, Listening & Pronunciation This course builds on communicative confidence and competence and is aimed at students who wish to develop the important skills of speaking and listening. Emphasis is also placed on pronunciation, with activities designed to meet the needs of students of different nationalities, who need to focus on different areas. CLICK HERE to register for a General English course. Other Languages At Language upon Thames we offer a wide range of cafeterias, restaurants, shops and bars. Most importantly, we have foreign language classes of French, Japanese, German, Spanish and Italian during the day, evening or on a onetoone basis.", "qas": [{"question": "What does this passage mainly talk about?", "id": "a3568f6c0fbf42ab9a43749322d44a03", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Starting from April, 2010, you won't be hearing th", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Starting from April, 2010, you won't be hearing the word \"NBA\" on sports programs on CCTV. Instead, sport host will give the full Chinese name when they refer to the NBA - National Basketball Association. You also won't hear any other English abbreviations on CCTV's Chinese programs, such as GDP (gross domestic product), or WTO (World Trade Organization). You will hear their Chinese translations. CCTV received a notice from the State Administration of Radio, Film and Television telling it to avoid using English-language abbreviations in their reports to protect the \"purity\" of the Chinese language. A few other TV stations also received the notice. Fu Zhenguo, an editor of People's Daily, is one of the people who suggested the change. \"Firstly, using English in a Chinese-speaking environment is against Chinese law,\" he said. \"Then, using English on Chinese TV programs is unfair to people who don't understand English. What's worse, it will have a bad language influence on kids and teenagers.\" A lot of netizens have criticized the move, saying that it will cause problems for them. \"I understand what CD, VCD and DVD mean when I hear them. But I won't know what the TV programs are talking about if I hear those products' full Chinese names,\" a netizen wrote in a BBS post. Following the same post, another netizen wrote jokingly: \"I'm not listening to my MP3 now. I'm listening to my Moving Picture Experts Group-1 Audio Layer 3 .\"", "qas": [{"question": "How many reasons did Fu Zhenguo list to show his support for the change?", "id": "70d3477d86aa47fd8acc5c7cdde089d9", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "\"Selfie\" joins ranks of dictionary words. In 2002,", "paragraphs": [{"context": "\"Selfie\" joins ranks of dictionary words. In 2002, an Australian man went to his friend's 21st birthday party. He got drunk, _ on some steps and cut his lip. He took a picture of his injuries and shared it with his friends on an online forum. \"And sorry about the focus,\" he wrote, \"it was a selfie.\" That was the first recorded use of the word \"selfie\", according to linguistic experts at Oxford Dictionaries. On Nov 19, Oxford Dictionaries declared \"selfie\" Word of the Year for 2013, in honor of the term having taken over the world thanks to millions of smart phone self-portraits and the resulting shares on social media. So what does the choice of the word say about our culture? Mary Elizabeth Williams, writing in Salon magazine, says the word reminds us that contemporary culture is defined by our narcissism .Megan Jackson from a local newspaper points out a selfie may only focus on appearance. Selfies invite judgment based on appearance alone. What kind of cultural influence does this have on women? Erin Gloria Ryan on Jezebel says selfies teach young woman to obsess over their appearance and judge themselves on the basis of beauty rather than accomplishments. \"They're a reflection of the warped way we teach girls to see themselves as decorative,\" said Ryan. In Slate magazine, Rachel Simmons has the opposite view. She argues that selfies are an example of young women promoting themselves and taking control of their own self-presentation. Think of each one, she says, as \"a tiny pulse of girl pride --a shout-out to the self\".", "qas": [{"question": "Who holds a positive opinion towards selfie in the life of women?", "id": "d006f2220de34f02bd337bb4c5c8c41a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "On June 5, 1981 the Centers for Disease Control in", "paragraphs": [{"context": "On June 5, 1981 the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta, U.S. announced the presence of a rare, infectious disease in five American homosexuals . Soon doctors were finding similar cases all over the country and the world. The AIDS epidemic had officially begun. By 1983 it was clear that AIDS had spread around the world. More than twenty years later, AIDS has left twenty-six million dead and another forty million infected. AIDS has become the worst medical disaster ever experienced by mankind. Hundreds of young people between the ages of 20 and 45 died each week during the early years of the U.S. AIDS. More than 600,000 cases of AIDS have been reported since 1981 in the United States, and it is estimated that there may be as many as 900,000 Americans infected with HIV. Though the rate of HIV infections continues to increase in the United States, the number of AIDS cases has fallen sharply since 1996, when antiretroviral drugs came onto the market. Unfortunately, the AIDS epidemic continues today in Africa and much of Asia, where antiretroviral treatment is not available and health care is far from enough. AIDS is the fourth leading cause of death worldwide, and the No. 1 cause of death due to infectious disease. HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, was first separated in 1983 by a team at the Pasteur Institute in Paris. That discovery made it possible to develop a test for AIDS and trace back to victims who may have died before doctors were aware of the disease. However, scientists still don't know exactly how and where AIDS started. Finding the source of AIDS could be important in developing a vaccine and be important in mapping the future course of the epidemic.", "qas": [{"question": "Which areas are the most worrying places where AIDS spreads quickly?", "id": "4bed916b5b414fde94081a89cc7341e1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The American tradition of Thanksgiving dates back ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The American tradition of Thanksgiving dates back to colonial times, to the Pilgrims of Plymouth rock Colony. To escape religious persecution in England, the Pilgrims journeyed to the New World on their ship, the Mayflower. After a long journey, they finally arrived at Plymouth Rock in autumn of 1620. They could not finish building the settlement before winter, so many froze to death. They ate most of their food on the journey over, so many also starved. However, the Pilgrims met a Native American named Tisquantum, or Squanto as he was better known, who taught them how to plant corn and catch eel . By the same time next year, the Pilgrims had built a steady settlement, and had a bountiful harvest. To thank the Native Americans for their help and to celebrate the harvest, the Pilgrims held a grand banquet . Together, they feasted on corn, yams, fish, and most importantly: roast turkey, which became the highlight of the modern Thanksgiving feast. Schools always make a big deal about Thanksgiving, because they feel that it teaches children how to be thankful and to treat others with kindness. I spent the many years of elementary school making paper turkeys, fake cornucopias(a shell filled with food, a symbol of the holiday), and writing lists of what I'm thankful for. When I grew older, I watched movies and read books about the First Thanksgiving, and completed crossword puzzles and word searches filled with holiday themed words. While the idea for Thanksgiving is great, and it is a wonderful opportunity to instill certain values in children, I don't think we should name a special holiday for being thankful. We should be thankful for what we have every day, not just Thanksgiving.", "qas": [{"question": "Why did the Pilgrims hold a banquet one year after their arrival in the new world?", "id": "bf39081863164afa83480cd4aa159d27", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A new enemy is threatening Japanese traditions: le", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A new enemy is threatening Japanese traditions: leisure. A part of its attempt to increase imports, the government is trying to get people to work less and spend more. The workers are disgusted. The figures support the western prejudice that the Japanese are all working without play. Trying to force workers away from their desks and machines, the government said last April that the country should cut down from its 2,100 hours average work year to 1,899 hours and a five-day by 1992. Beginning in February, banks and offices two Saturdays a month. The government hopes that others will follow that practice. But some persuasion will be needed. Small companies are very angry about it and they fear competitions may not cut hour. The unions are no happier: they have even advertised in newspapers arguing their case against the foreign pressure that is forcing leisure upon them. They say shorter hours are a disguised pay cut. The industrialists, who have no objection to the government's plans, admit that shorter hours will help them cut costs. Younger Japanese who are supposed to be acting against their hard-working parents, show no sign of wanting time off either. But unlike older workers, they do spend money in their spare time. Not content with watching TV, they dance, dress up, sit in cafes, go to pop concerts and generally drive the leisure-industry boom. Now that they know how to consume, maybe the West can teach them to relax and enjoy themselves too.", "qas": [{"question": "Who supports the short-hour system?", "id": "f11d95061a09485ea2597abdf8c415e4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "April 11, 2003 12:44 a. m. PST, Associated Press T", "paragraphs": [{"context": "April 11, 2003 12:44 a. m. PST, Associated Press The respiratory virus known as SARS has appeared to spread in the United States only to family members of health workers with close contact to a sick person. On Thursday, the head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there might be a case of severe acute respiratory syndrome spreading through the workplace. Dr. Julie Gerberding said a suspected SARS virus patient who became ill after traveling to Asia might have infected a co-worker in Florida, which made her \"very worried\". So far, a dozen people--nine family members and three health workers--were infected after coming into close contact with the person with SARS. The rest of the 166 suspected American cases have something to do with people who were infected while traveling in Asia. In the Gainesville, Fla. area, a 47-year-old woman was believed to have been infected at work by a 60-year-old woman who was the nation's first suspected SARS case, said Tom Belcuore, director of the Alachua County health department. Since the World Health Organization announced a worldwide warning last month about SARS, the United States has started infection control in hospitals and among families of suspected cases. Florida officials said a school in Okaloosa County went through a cleaning after a 6-year-old boy suspected of having SARS appeared at school with slight symptoms. \"Health officials are watching the boys' contacts at school to make sure no one else is infected,\" said Rob Hayes, health department spokesman, \"The boy may have been infected from a family member,\" Hayes said, \"We immediately became aware of it and had the child sent home. He's staying at home with his family until 10 days after symptoms disappear.\" The researchers guessed that the virus might have come from animals. However, the scientists have not ruled out the possibility that some other microbe might also help make SARS more serious or easier to catch.", "qas": [{"question": "How many cases of suspected SARS are there in the U.S.A. according to the text?", "id": "d328e65ae64649bb8f3d7404b68f6917", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "One day, a slave owner entered a local store and t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "One day, a slave owner entered a local store and threatened a young boy who was his slave. At first, the slave refused to move and ran for the door. The slave owner reached for a heavy weight. He threw it at his slave. Instead, it hit Harriet on the head. Harriet almost died. For the rest of her life, she carried the mark of a deep wound on her head. Miser Brodas felt he never needed Harriet. He decided to sell her. Harriet thought of a way to prevent this. Each time she was shown to someone who might buy her, she acted as if she were falling asleep. After a while, Mister Brodas gave up the hope of selling Harriet. He sent her back to the fields. At 24 she married a free black man, John Tubman. By then, Harriet was sure she should escape. In 1849, Mister Brodas died. His slaves probably would be sold to further South. John Tubman tried to make Harriet forget about running away. Harriet decided she must end her marriage and that she needed to tell her family that she was leaving. Harriet escaped for Pennsylvania where slavery was banned there. Once she hid under hay that had been cut from the fields. Another time, she wore men's clothing. Finally, she arrived in Pennsylvania. Now that Harriet was free, she didn't forget other slaves in Maryland. During the next ten years, she freed her parents and other family members. She traveled back and forth eighteen times, helping about 300 slaves escape. She became an expert at hiding from slave hunters. At one time, anyone finding Harriet was promised 40,000dollars for catching her--dead or alive. The people she helped called her Moses. She had rescued them from slavery just as the biblical Moses rescued the Jews. After the Civil War began, Harriet started to spy for the North. She also served as a nurse. After four years of bloody fighting, the North won the war. Abraham Lincoln freed the slaves in 1863. There was no longer any need for Harriet to be Moses.", "qas": [{"question": "We know from the passage that Harriet was Mister Brodas'    .", "id": "da279b0e48c34183bd79bdf9feff9c29", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The best UK cottages for Christmas and New Year _ ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The best UK cottages for Christmas and New Year _ It's a solid little Victorian gatehouse outside Ballycastle. It has an association with Irish nationalist Roger Casement. Close to the Causeway Coast, the closest beach is five minutes' drive away. It is a good choice for those who want to avoid stairs, since all the main rooms are on the ground floor. Sleeps 2 adults + 2 children, PS730 a week at Christmas or New Year (three nights from PS389), 353 1 670 4733, irishlandmark.com _ It is located in a peaceful island, where a priory was built 1,400 years ago. Guests at Coastguard's Cottage, the latest addition to English Heritage's portfolio of holiday houses, can explore the priory ruins. The attractive whitewashed house is decorated with calming tones and contemporary furnishings and has views of Lindisfarne Castle. Sleeps 6, PS1,600 a week from 19 Dec, 0370 333 1187, english-heritage.org.uk _ It sits on a 350-acre private nature reserve. Surrounded by woodlands, wetlands and wild meadows, it's a heaven for wildlife. You might meet a few animals on a walk around the reserve. Built by local craftsmen using natural materials, it is a light-filled living space with huge windows, a woodburner and other essential for winter evenings -- a home cinema system. Sleeps 6, PS1,430 a week from 29 Dec, 01580 720770 kentandSussexcottages.co.uk _ In snowy winter, the quiet 16th-century cottage near Stowmarket is like a perfect picture on Christmas cards. The inside is also appealing, with a big farmhouse kitchen, antique furniture, comfortable carpets and an impressive fireplace. A good selection of films, music and books are provided. Approached via a single track lane, the cottage sits in three acres of wild meadow, surrounded by plenty of farmland. Sleeps 5, PS1,003 a week from 30 Dec (three nights PS725), 01787 211115, grove-cottages.co.uk", "qas": [{"question": "How much will be charged if a couple with two children stay in Victorian gatehouse for a week at Christmas?", "id": "4a5629e6b73c438e834560ea76ec6f6d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "My friend had mentioned the other day that her fat", "paragraphs": [{"context": "My friend had mentioned the other day that her father had a lot of children's toys he was looking to give away. She knew I have a three-year-old daughter so she thought of me first. I told her I would love it if I could get some nice things for my daughter, which I wouldn't otherwise have been able to afford. When I met her father, he began to explain he was too poor once and that he would hate to throw away things that can be very useful. Before he showed me what he was giving away, I thought the toys would be mostly lego's or things like that. When he was showing me around I saw a bed, a slide, a kitchen set and many other things that just blew my mind. He told me to write a list of everything my daughter could use and as my eyes were wide, he told me not to feel guilty. He said I was helping him by getting rid of the stuff. As I was looking around I did feel guilty, but I tried to remain more grateful than guilty. Every time I tried to thank him for giving me and my daughter all this wonderful stuff he would thank me right back. I wanted to believe that he was just thanking me so that I wouldn't feel so guilty but in reality I believe that he was as grateful as I was that these toys would be put to good use. In the eyes of charity, it makes sense to feel grateful, but guilt is just as normal. I know that we could have lived without a slide, which is why I do feel guilty, but I am grateful all the same because my daughter really does enjoy all these nice things!", "qas": [{"question": "In the writer's opinion, the old man felt grateful because", "id": "bd51ffb6eb9f4e908bfe927a4c3a8a2e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Mahjong, that favorite pastime of \"old folks\" in S", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Mahjong, that favorite pastime of \"old folks\" in Shanghai, is finding a new audience among younger players, and many university students are becoming mad about this traditional Chinese game. Students at Fudan University have even formed a Mahjong club. This resurgence of the game, however, is not without its critics. Some people still associate the game with gambling and for many years Mahjong was banned in China. One critic, surnamed Meng, was quoted as saying, \"Mahjong is a bad custom that will distract students from studies.\" But Yu Guangyuan, former vice-president of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , says Mahjong is a \"healthy, scientific, friendly mind game.\" Mr. Yu's opinion seems to be shared by the majority of Chinese. They see the game as an activity that requires great concentration and intellectual skill. They also see the game as an important part of Chinese culture and a pastime that brings family and friends closer together. This Spring Festival many families will no doubt spend hours around the Mahjong table getting reacquainted with each other. For them, playing Mahjong is a way of spending quality family time. No one knows who invented Mahjong. Some say it was Confucius, others say the current form of the game was developed right here in Shanghai in the late19th century. It is certainly because of Shanghai that the game enjoys its worldwide popularity. It was brought to America in the 1920s and has since spread throughout Europe and other parts of Asia. There is now a World Championship of Mahjong which is held every year. This year's championship was held in Chongqing and attracted players from America, Europe and Russia, as well as students from Peking University, Tshinghua University and Nankai University. There was no prize money, but the players delighted in using their wits and their understanding of statistics and probability theory to defeat their clever opponents. Of course, Mahjong doesn't have to always be that intense. For young people it can be a way to relax and to socialize, a chance to get away from their computers and talk to other people face to face. So, this Spring Festival, why not get out the \"old folks\" tiles: it's good to be mad about Mahjong!", "qas": [{"question": "What is the best title of the passage?", "id": "11db572ac25d41c7834d15e4597974e2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Five teens from Sarasota, Florida, are making musi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Five teens from Sarasota, Florida, are making music from garbage. The Garbage-Men band's instruments are made from recycled objects. The guitars are boxes. A horn is made from pipes. The keyboard is formed from old bottles. The band started about two years ago. Jack Berry decided to make a playable, homemade guitar. After some trial-and-error, he ended up building it from a cereal box, a yardstick and toothpicks. After Jack showed his creation to his friend Ollie Gray, Ollie had the idea to form a band using other homemade instruments as a way to promote recycling. \"We want to show people there is more to recycling than throwing things away in the bin ,\" Jack, 16, said, \"You can actually reuse materials.\" Ollie, 15, plays drums made from trash cans. Evan Tucker, 15 (bass guitar); Harrison Paparatto, 15 (horns and violin); and Austin Siegel, 15, (keyboard), round out the band. The Garbage-Men plays at local events around Sarasota, including festivals, farmer's markets and community fundraisers. Typically, the teens will set up on the street and perform popular songs from the 1960s, including classic Beatles tunes and people's favorite \"Wipe Out,\" by The Surfaris. In between sets, they talk about recycling the offer tips for how to help the environment. while they perform, Jack's little brother Trent, 11, gives out flyers about recycling and helps sell the band's CD and other merchandise. The band donates the money from sales to charity. They have raised more than $2,500 for Heifer International. The organization gives farm animals, seeds and agricultural training to people in poor countries to help end poverty and hunger. The band--all tenth graders--tries to play a gig for America's Got Talent. The teens hope to eventually take their show on the road by touring in other states. \"Music is a really good way to get a good message across to people because it's really accessible,\" Jack says. Their instruments may be garbage, but their message isn't.", "qas": [{"question": "Who first had the idea to organize the Garbage-Men band?", "id": "c023f75ebb9346d78b23200790a54dca", "answers": []}, {"question": "What's the purpose of the garbage-Men band?", "id": "d2d267d86ab44406a3952ed7fbd446bd", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When I was a baby, I entertained you and made you ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When I was a baby, I entertained you and made you laugh.Whenever I was \"bad\", you'd shake your finger at me and ask, \"How could you?\"--but then you'd give up, and roll me over for a belly scratch and I believed that life could not be any more perfect. My housetraining was a long process, because you were terribly busy, but we worked on that together. We went for long walks, runs in the park and car rides. We stopped for ice cream. I took long naps in the sun waiting for you to come home at the end of the day. Gradually, you began spending more time at work and on your career, and more time searching for a human mate.Eventually, you fell in love.She, now your wife, is not a dog person, but I still welcomed her into our home.I was happy because you were happy.Then the human babies came along and I shared your excitement, I was fascinated by their pinkness, how they smelled, and I wanted to mother them too. Your wife was afraid I would bite them.But nevertheless, as they began to grow, I became their friend.Now, you have a new job in another city and you and they will be moving to an apartment that does not allow pets.You've made the right decision for your \"family\", but there was a time when I was your only family. I was excited about the car ride until we arrived at the dog pound.It smelled of dogs and cats, of fear, of hopelessness.You filled out the paperwork and said, \"I know you will find a good home for her\".They shrugged and gave you a pained look.The children were in tears as they waved me goodbye.And \"How could you?\" were the only three words that swept over my mind. Is it better to live with hope or without hope? At first, whenever anyone passed my pen , I rushed to the front, hoping it was you, that you had changed your mind and that this was all a bad dream. My beloved master, I will think of you and wait for you forever.I hope you receive more faithfulness from your family than you showed to me.", "qas": [{"question": "Who tells this story?", "id": "326d769484b54e39935444cfa0efa34f", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Sailing Through History A group of 1,309 passenger", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Sailing Through History A group of 1,309 passengers boarded the MSBalmoralon Sunday, in Southampton, England, on a voyage to retrace the path of theTitanic. TheTitanicwas the biggest ship in the world when it sailed on its ill-fated maiden voyage in 1912. Of the 2,227 passengers and crew aboard, more than 1,500 died. The ship, which was headed to New York City, carried the rich and famous on its first voyage. It also carried immigrants, who were seeking a better life in America. Relatives of people who sailed on theTitanic, historians, authors and people fascinated by the story of the unsinkable ship, are on theBalmoral. They want to remember the doomed ship and those who died on her first and last voyage. The historic liner had set sail on April 10, 1912, from Southampton. Late at night on April 14, she hit an iceberg. In the early morning hours of April 15, theTitanicsank. TheBalmoralis followingTitanic's original route from Southampton. First, the modern-day cruise liner docked in the port of Cherbourg, France, where theTitanichad picked up more passengers. On Monday afternoon, theBalmoralstops in Cobh, Ireland, theTitanic's last port of call before sailing to New York. Balmoralwill then cruise the North Atlantic Ocean to the location whereTitanichit an iceberg that ripped the ship's hull . On Sunday, April 15, at 2:20 a.m.--the time theTitanicwent down--passengers and crew will hold a memorial service. The next two days will be spent in Halifax, Canada, where many victims of the sinking are buried. Then, theBalmoralwill reach its final destination in New York City, whereTitanicwas supposed to dock--but never did. Until today, several teams of divers have explored the site. They have recovered some items such as dishes and silverware and put them on public display. And more trips are planned to the wreckage in the future. TheTitanicand its passengers and crew have been remembered in books, movies and TV programs. But there's a much more important contribution thatTitanicgave us. After she sank, lawmakers and shipbuilders made ships safer. It took a terrible tragedy to make ship travel safer for all.", "qas": [{"question": "How many countries does the Balmoral reach before sailing to New York?", "id": "226a2460832b4d8da2652e27bb989e97", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Something strange was unbelievable. Take Robert fo", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Something strange was unbelievable. Take Robert for example. After the terrible car accident, his whole world had been completely dark and quiet for almost ten years. The loss of sight and hearing made him try many times to put end to his life. His family especially his wife did their best to tend and comfort him. By and by he finally regained the courage to live on. On a hot summer afternoon he was taking a walk with a stick near his house when a thunderstorm started suddenly. He stood under a large tree in order not to get himself wet. Unfortunately he was struck down to the ground by a lightning. The witnesses thought him dead but he woke up some 20 minutes later lying face down in muddy water below the tree. He felt that he was trembling badly, but when he opened his eyes ,he didn't dare to believe that he saw a plough( )lying near the wall. When Mrs Edwards came running up to him, she shouted their neighbours for help. And he saw her and heard her voice for the first time in nearly ten years. The news of Robert's regaining his sight and hearing quickly spread in his area. And many doctors came to prove the truth of the news. Most of them said that he gained sight and hearing again obviously from the knock of lightning; none of them could give convincing reasons, however. The only reasonable explanation given by one doctor was that, since Edwards lost his sight and hearing as a result of sudden shock in a terrible accident, perhaps the only way for them to regain was by another sudden shock.", "qas": [{"question": "What did Edwards see first after being struck down by a lightning?", "id": "8a98e863e79c434f92c0a31136f86bed", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Driving In America Keep Right The traffic follows ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Driving In America Keep Right The traffic follows the \"keep right rule\". While driving, drive on the right side of the road. On one-way, multiple lanes road, the right-most lane would be slowest and left-most lane is fastest. Hand Signals Though indicators are used for the purpose of showing which direction you are going, knowing some hand signals is very important and are usually always asked in a driving test. When you want to turn right, you can put your left hand out of the window and point upward. When you want to make a left turn, you can reach your left arm out of the window and point to the left. If you want to slow down or stop, you can just point downward. School Buses Yellow school buses have flashing red lights and stop signs that reach out from the driver's side. The drivers use these warning signals when letting pupils on and off. No matter which side of the road you are traveling on, if you come upon a school bus with its lights flashing and a stop sign used, you must stop. It's the law. Remain stopped until the lights stop flashing or the stop sign is removed. Using the Horn Using horns is not common in America. Actually they are very rarely used. You may use your horn to warn walkers or other drivers of possible trouble or to avoid accidents. Do not use your horn to express anger or complain about other drivers' mistakes or to try to get a slow driver to move faster.", "qas": [{"question": "Who is the passage most probably written for?", "id": "df0392ca174242d49187535b74e94256", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Many of us believe that a person's mind becomes le", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Many of us believe that a person's mind becomes less active as he grows older.But this is not true,according to Dr.Lissy F.Jarvik,professor of psychiatry at the University of California,Los Angeles,and a board member of the New Center for Aging at the Veterans Hospital.She has studied the mental functioning of aging persons for several years.For example,one of her studies concerns 136 pairs of twins, who were first examined when they were already 60 years old.As Dr.Jarvik continued the study of the twins into their 70s and 80s,their minds did not generally decline as was expected. However,there was some decline in their psycho-motor speed. This means that it took them longer to accomplish mental tasks than it used to.But when speed was not a factor,they lost very little intellectual ability over the years.In general,Dr.Jarvik's studies have shown that there is no decline in knowledge or reasoning ability.This is true not only into the 30s and 40s,but into the 60s and 70s as well. As for learning new things,and ability to remember,studies by Dr.Jarvik and others show that the old are equal to the young.It is true that older people themselves often complain that their memory is not as good as it once was.However,much of what we call\"loss of memory\"is not that at a11. In the cases where the older person's mind really seems to decline,it is not necessarilv a sign of a decay due to becoming old or\"senility\".Often it is simply a sign of a depressed emotional state.This depression usually can be got rid of by counseling with a psychologist,or medicine which fights depression. In American society,when an older person loses something,we tend to call him or her\"senile\".But notice that when a younger person loses something,he does not blame it on senility or loss of memory.He finds some other excuse!", "qas": [{"question": "A long-term study of 136 pairs of twins showed that the only factor that declined over the years was  .", "id": "1237aeb971a6442681ba880616ddbcff", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Do you prefer British English or American English?", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Do you prefer British English or American English? Here are opinions from our readers. Andy: Well, being in British for 3 years now from New Zealand I've come to realize that a lot of British people pronounce words how Americans do. But in saying that, I guess the more educated British people do not pronounce words the way some Americans do. So, I prefer Educated British English. Bill: Well, I am studying English and I think British sounds funny and I prefer Americans sounds. Although I can tell that everyone else in my class loves British pronunciation and thinks American English is less pretty or even ugly. I don't agree at all, though. Cindy: At first British English accent sounds better and wonderful but then it gets annoying, so I love American English. Dale: I prefer the British accent. It sounds like someone reading a poem. I just like the pronunciation of the British people, very clear and sounds like music! British accent is more musical. Edward: When I listen to the BBC announcers, I notice that they're exploding the letters out, not pronouncing them. And some British people from the North of England or Scotland speak with strange accents. I mean it is difficult to understand their English. Frank: As a matter of fact, English for International Communication is very much like American accent. I love the American accent.", "qas": [{"question": "Which reader didn't state clearly which pronunciation he or she preferred?", "id": "421103e23f2246c9aba0975471107fb4", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "When we are unfamiliar with something,we may feel ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "When we are unfamiliar with something,we may feel nervous and fearful.The assistance of others is a good way to help us pull through. I write for a big newspaper, and I wanted to write a story about parachute jumping.To make it a realistic as well as exciting story,I decided that I first had to make a jump myself. Unfortunately,I am not good at any sports of any kind,let alone parachute jumping. My friend Mr. Smith was willing to give me a hand.He took me to a ground school.The first day's training included several hours of instruction but not my first drop from an airplane For this,I had to wait until the following morning. The next morning,after a hurried,anxious breakfast,I was taken to the airfield.There,two heavy parachutes were put on my back,and an orange helmet was pushed down onto my head.Then I was asked to make my way to a small plane which had just stopped slowly on the runway. Once on board,the plane was soon climbing.I began to feel nervous.As we reached one thousand metres,Harry,my teacher, hooked a line from my parachute to a steel ring inside the plane.The line was to pull my parachute open after I jumped. \"Get ready, Henry,\"Harry said.I moved carefully to the door.I wanted to cry,\"No,no,no!\"But no word came. \"Jump!\"Harry called loudly.\"Jump!\" To my surprise,kicking like a frog I did jump.Away from the plane,and down,down I fell,arms stretched.It worked! The air seemed to hold me up.All at once I was very happy. Then I felt a quick pull.My big parachute had opened! It was the best surprise I ever had. I looked down.There were rivers,trees,fields and houses.I heard the soft sound of the air This was fun !", "qas": [{"question": "How did the writer feel after he jumped out of the plane?", "id": "8365982256a14fdf83433d935b75ffe7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Papa, as a son of a dirt-poor farmer, left school ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Papa, as a son of a dirt-poor farmer, left school early and went to work in a factory, for education was for the rich then. So, the world became his school. With great interest, he read everything he could lay his hands on, listened to the town elders and learned about the world beyond his tiny hometown. \"There's so much to learn,\" he'd say. \"Though we're born stupid, only the stupid remain that way. \" He was determined that none of his children would be denied an education. Thus, Papa insisted that we learn at least one new thing each day. Though, as children, we thought this was crazy, it would never have occurred to us to deny Papa a request. And dinner time seemed perfect for sharing what we had learned. We would talk about the news of the day; no matter how insignificant, it was never taken lightly. Papa would listen carefully and was ready with some comment, always to the point. Then came the moment--the time to share the day's new learning. Papa, at the head of the table, would push back his chair and pour a glass of red wine, ready to listen. \"Felice,\" he'd say, \"tell me what you learned today. \" \"I learned that the population of Nepal is .... \" Silence. Papa was thinking about what was said, as if the salvation of the world would depend upon it. \"The population of Nepal. Hmm. Well . . . . \" he'd say. \"Get the map; let's see where Nepal is. \" And the whole family went on a search for Nepal. This same experience was repeated until each family member had a turn. Dinner ended only after we had a clear understanding of at least half a dozen such facts. As children, we thought very little about these educational wonders. Our family, however, was growing together, sharing experiences and participating in one another's education. And by looking at us, listening to us, respecting our input, affirming our value, giving us a sense of dignity, Papa was unquestionably our most influential teacher. Later during my training as a future teacher /1 studied with some of the most famous educators. They were imparting what Papa had known all along--the value of continual learning. His technique has served me well all my life. Not a single day has been wasted, though I can never tell when knowing the population of Nepal might prove useful.", "qas": [{"question": "What is the greatest value of \"dinner time\" to the author?", "id": "22b9f5aaa9ed4e99a6103c4c6da7d9fa", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The new year has begun and some people may be look", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The new year has begun and some people may be looking to 2015 as the year they get a dog. A furry friend will bring a lot of fun and companionship to your family -- especially for urban residents who always feel lonely living in the fast-paced society. But looking after a pet does require some responsibility from the pet owner if you want your new friend to be healthy and happy in your family. The following is a checklist for people who are considering adopting an animal. Where to find a dog There are hundreds of pet shops in Shanghai, big and small, where you can find puppies at a cost ranging from a few hundred to tens of thousands of yuan. The pet shop will tell you some basic facts about dogs of a specific breed. But don't forget to ask about the vaccination status if you are buying a puppy, which needs three injections with an interval of three to four weeks between shots. Another option is to ask your friends if they know anyone with a dog that has recently had puppies. This option is more reliable than buying a puppy from someone you don't know, especially the street peddlers who might carry animals with diseases. Another highly recommended option is to adopt one from an NGO dedicated to providing shelter and protecting stray animals. This is quite practical if you don't care about the dog's breed. Vaccination As a pet owner, there are some things you must do otherwise you may get into big trouble, and one of these is getting your dog vaccinated. Dogs need regular shots to fight against canine parvovirus , rabies and other diseases or viruses. To ensure the vaccines are not substandard, we strongly recommend you get your furry friend a shot from a qualified _ , which may cost a few hundred yuan each year. Another advantage of using the vet as opposed to getting your dog vaccinated yourself, is that the vet will examine its condition to see whether it is suitable to get a shot now and take immediate action if it has an allergic reaction to the vaccine. Because you are advised not to give your animal a bath for one week following its vaccination, you should clean your animal one or two days before the shot if you don't want your dog to get too dirty. Parasite protection As a pet owner, you need to be prepared to get rid of fleas , heartworm , roundworm , intestinal worms and other parasites from your dog. Dogs need regular flea and tick control and parasite protection, even if it does not show symptoms of being affected by the parasite. An adult dog needs to be fed with a tablet every six months to make sure it does not have any parasite. You also need to take measures every three months to help expel fleas and ticks from your animal. You need to learn the signs of a flea bite: they may immediately cause a dog to feel extremely itchy. Within 30 minutes of a bite, they may develop a red bump. Secondary infections caused by scratching are also common. Dog training No dog is born with good manners. Pooping on the carpet, leaping enthusiastically onto guests, pulling so hard that it practically yanks your arm out of the socket when on walks -- that's all perfectly acceptable in the canine world. It's up to you to teach your dog to behave the way humans want it to. Despite the adage(;) about old dogs and new tricks, there are no age limits to teaching dogs. And whether you've got a brand-new puppy or an older dog, the first step is the same: learn how to be a good teacher. Every dog is different and will respond better to a slightly different training style, but these general guidelines apply: stay consistent and patient, and reward your dog for getting it right.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the article, how many aspects should a pet owner pay attention to?", "id": "5e770d1429b345e68d820795c14e288d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It was a cold night in Washington, D. C., and I wa", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It was a cold night in Washington, D. C., and I was heading back to the hotel when a man approached me. He asked if l would give him some money so he could get something to eat. I'd read the signs \"Don't give money to beggars.\" So I shook my head and kept walking. I wasn't prepared for a reply, but he said, \"I really am homeless and I really am hungry! You can come with me and watch me eat!\" But I kept on walking. The incident bothered me for the rest of the week. I had money in my pocket and it wouldn't have killed me to hand over a buck or two even if he had been lying. Flying back to Anchorage, I couldn't help thinking of him. I tried to rationalize my failure to help by thinking government agencies, churches and charities were there to feed him. Besides, you're not supposed to give money to beggars. Somewhere over Seattle, I started to write my weekly garden column for The Anchorage Daily News. _ , I came up with an idea. Bean's Cafe, the soup kitchen in Anchorage, feeds hundreds of hungry Alaskans every day. Why not try to get all my readers to plant one row in their gardens dedicated to Bean's? Dedicate a row and take it down to Bean's. Clean and simple. The idea began to take off. Readers would fax or call me when they got something in their garden. Those who only grew flowers donated them. Food for the spirit. In 1995, the Garden Writers Association of America held their annual convention in Anchorage and after learning of Anchorage's program, Plant a Row for Bean's became Plant a Row for the Hungry. The original idea was to have every member of the Garden Writers Association of America write or talk about planting a row for the hungry sometime during the month of April. As more and more people started working with the Plant a Row idea, new changes appeared unexpectedly. Many companies gave free seed to customers and displayed the logo, which also appeared in national gardening publications. Row markers with the Plant a Row logo were delivered to gardeners to set apart their \"Row for the Hungry.\" Garden editor Joan Jackson, supported by The San Jose Mercury News and California's nearly year-round growing season, raised more than 30,000 pounds of fruits and vegetables her first year, and showed GWAA how the program could really work. Texas fruit farms donated food to their local food bank after being inspired by Plant a Row. Today the program continues to thrive and grow. I am surprised that millions of Americans are threatened by hunger. If every gardener in America--and we're seventy million strong--plants one row for the hungry, we can make quite a decrease in the number of neighbors who don't have enough to eat. Maybe then I will stop feeling guilty about abandoning a hungry man I could have helped.", "qas": [{"question": "Which do you think is the best title to the passages?", "id": "cae3c17abea949569889efd2409ae86e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "In New York City public schools, 176 different lan", "paragraphs": [{"context": "In New York City public schools, 176 different languages are spoken among the more than 1 million students. For 160,000 children, English is not their first language. New York's Department of Education makes learning better for these students by providing dual-language programs, in which students are taught in two languages, English and another one, like Russian or Chinese. Math, social studies, science and all other regular courses are taught in both languages. And they learn about the culture of the other country. Milady Baez, Deputy Chancellor of English Language Learners and Student Support, says these dual-language programs will help children succeed in the future. \"The jobs of the future require that our students know more than one language. They are going to be traveling abroad; they are going to be communicating with people from all over the world. This will open doors for them.\" Middle-schoolers might not have jobs on their minds yet. For Kequing Jaing, she likes keeping up her first language, Mandarin.\"It makes me feel that I am home because I can speak in Chinese, learn in Chinese, while learning in English. So it makes me feel better and makes me understand more about the task I'm learning.\"[:ZSSxxSSk.Com] Anastasia Hudikova came to the United States when she was 2 years old. She says the Russian-English program keeps her connected to her heritage and her parents happy.\"They're really happy about the program. They are really happy that I can preserve my culture and my language, and that I can speak it fluently in school.\" The New York schools also offer dual-language programs in seven other languages: Arabic, French, Haitian Creole, Hebrew, Korean, Polish and Spanish. There are plans to add even more languages in the future. While these dual-language programs are popular, some organizations in the U.S. say teaching English comes first. U.S. Studies show that children who learn English early will be more successful later.", "qas": [{"question": "Who may not quite agree with dual-language programs?", "id": "8fa09152ef694d31b4ba33ae3ae5ae35", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Jo was the first to wake in the gray dawn of Chris", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Jo was the first to wake in the gray dawn of Christmas morning. No stockings hung at the fireplace, and for a moment she felt as much disappointed as she did long ago, when her little sock fell down because it was crammed so full of goodies. Then she remembered her mother's promise and, slipping her hand under her pillow, drew out a little red-covered book. She knew it very well, for it was that beautiful old story of the best life ever lived, and Jo felt that it was a true guidebook for any pilgrim going on a long journey. She woke Meg with a \"Merry Christmas,\" and asked her to see what was under her pillow. A green-covered book appeared, with the same picture inside, and a few words written by their mother, which made their one present very precious in their eyes. Presently Beth and Amy woke to find their little books also, one grey-color1ed, the other blue, and all sat looking at and talking about them, while the east grew rosy with the coming day. \"Girls,\" said Meg seriously, \"Mother wants us to read and love and mind these books, and we must begin at once. I shall keep my book on the table here and read a little every morning as soon as I wake, for I know it will do me good and help me through the day.\" Then she opened her new book and began to read. Jo put her arm round her and, leaning cheek to cheek, read also, with the quiet expression so seldom seen on her restless face. Much impressed by the pretty books and her sisters' example, the other two started reading too. And then the rooms were very still while the pages were softly turned, and the winter sunshine crept in to touch the bright heads and serious faces with a Christmas greeting. \"Where is Mother?\" asked Meg, as she and Jo ran down to thank her for their gifts, half an hour later. \"Your ma went straight off to see what was needed in a poor woman's home.\" Replied Hannah, who had lived with the family since Meg was born, and was considered by them all more as a friend than a servant. \"She will be back soon, I think, so fry your cakes, and have everything ready,\" said Meg, looking over the presents which were collected in a basket and kept under the sofa, ready to be produced at the proper time.\" \"There's Mother. Hide the basket, quick!\" cried Jo, as a door slammed and steps sounded in the hall. The girls rushed to the table, eager for breakfast. \"Merry Christmas, Mummy! Thank you for our books. We read some, and mean to every day,\" they all cried happily together. \"Merry Christmas, little daughters! I'm glad you began at once, and hope you will keep on. But I want to say one word before we sit down. Not far away from here lies a poor woman with a little newborn baby. Six children are huddled into one bed to keep from freezing, for they have no fire. There is nothing to eat over there, and the oldest boy came to tell me they were suffering hunger and cold. My girls, will you give them your breakfast as a Christmas present?\" They were all unusually hungry, having waited nearly an hour, and for a minute no one spoke, only a minute, for Jo exclaimed excitedly, \"I'm so glad you came before we began!\" Then the four girls put the cream, the muffins and the buckwheat bread into a big basket. \"I thought you'd do it,\" said Mrs. March, smiling as if satisfied.\" You shall all go and help me, and when we come back we will have bread and milk for breakfast, and make it up at dinner time.\" They were soon ready, and the procession set out. A poor, bare, miserable room it was, with broken windows, no fire, ragged bedclothes", "qas": [{"question": "Who got the green-covered book with a few words written by Mother as a Christmas gift?", "id": "062035c3a465443eae27cd5495f7378e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "One day, a brave jackal came to the river to drink", "paragraphs": [{"context": "One day, a brave jackal came to the river to drink some water. He saw a lion looking weak and tired, and asked, \"What is the matter, King of the Jungle?\" The lion told the jackal his story. The jackal felt sorry for the lion. He pulled and pulled at the lion's tail until the lion became free. The lion was very happy and said, \"Thank you so much for helping me. I thought I would die! You are my friend for life! I would like you to come and live with me. From now on, I will hunt and share my food with you.\" The jackal moved in with the lion's family and had a wonderful time. Soon, the lion had children of his own and so did the jackal. The lioness was not happy about the friendship. She complained to her children. Her children complained to the jackal's children; the jackal's children complained to their mother and their mother complained to the jackal. The jackal was upset and told the lion, \"You told me to live with you. If you don't like it any more, you should have said so yourself.\" The lion was shocked and said, \"This is not true. I've never complained about you. I still want you to continue staying with me.\" The jackal said, \"We understand each other. But our families don't. Perhaps it is better for us to live apart, but continue meeting each other when we are free. We can even hunt together!\" The two families parted, but the lion and the jackal met often and remained friends for the rest of their lives. From the above paragraphs, we can conclude that in order to keep our good friendship, we have to give something up or give in in some particular cases. However, we can never give up or destroy our families. What do you think of it?", "qas": [{"question": "How was the lion when the jackal first met him?", "id": "a7db05507c2b4ac4a9aec70b1d8ef274", "answers": []}, {"question": "What was the jackal's advice for the two families' problem?", "id": "fe19a416fb1543f3a59da72f556f81b1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "An interesting study posted on Facebook recently s", "paragraphs": [{"context": "An interesting study posted on Facebook recently shows how men and women develop new interests as they mature . While women tend to take exercise seriously from the age of 34, men will wait until their 45th birthdays before working hard to get in shape. The average woman spends more time talking about sports, politics, career and money as she gets older. Women's interest in books reaches its peak at the age of 22, while that of men does so when they are in their 50s. Men start to change their focus from the workplace to other things after age 30, while women do not do so until eight years later. Both, however, care most about fashion at age 16. The research used anonymous data donated by thousands of Facebook users, recording the statuses, 'likes' and 'interests' they had posted on their profiles. It found the average woman talks about television most at 44, while men peak much younger, at age 31. Men are also most likely to see a film in a cinema at age 31, while women go out to see films most when they are only 19. Men are most interested in travel at 29, women at 27, while women talk most about food and drink at 35, and men at 38. And if you are middle aged, a safe topic for any audience is the weather, which is a key interest for many as they approach 60. Stephen Wolfram, the British scientist who carried out the research, says, \"It's almost shocking how much this tells us about the changes of people's typical interests. \"People talk less about video games as they get older, and more about politics.\"", "qas": [{"question": "When do women love books best?", "id": "9c37299f45ec455a843b9940eefab901", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Today, nearly 400 animals are listed as threatened", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Today, nearly 400 animals are listed as threatened or endangered animals in the United States. Many are at risk of becoming extinct or disappearing permanently. Unless efforts to save these vulnerable animals succeed, many of the country's greatest creatures will be lost forever. From the facts listed, guess which animals are endangered. Click on the picture to find out more about each of these animals in trouble. American Crocodile *American crocodiles are about 12 feet long. They live on land and in shallow water, swamps and marshes. *American crocodiles like to float in the water with only their eyes and noses above the water surface. *American crocodiles eat mostly small animals, which they grab with their strong jaws and sharp teeth. *American crocodiles lay eggs. They hide their eggs under twigs and leaves, or bury them in the sand. *Some crocodiles help their young hatch, and then carry them to the water in their mouth. Habitat Southern Florida, Mexico, Central and South American, Caribbean islands. Why It's Endangered Overhunted for its skin and habitat destruction. Peninsular Bighorn Sheep *Bighorn sheep can weigh as much as 280 pounds and stand about 3 feet tall. *They live in dry, desert mountain ranges, near rocky cliffs. *Bighorn sheep eat grass, twigs and leaves. *Male sheep are called rams and can be recognized by their huge, brown horns. The horns curl back over the ears, down,and up past the cheeks. *They live in herds or groups. The male sheep with the biggest horns are usually in charge. Male horns can weigh as much as 30 pounds. *Males will use their massive horns to fight. The fights can last as long as 24 hours. *Females are called ewes. They are smaller than rams and have shorter, smaller horns. Habitat Nevada and California to west Texas and south into Mexico. Why It's Endangered Loss of habitat, hunting illegally, drought and disease.", "qas": [{"question": "Where can we find both American crocodiles and Bighorn sheep according to the passage?", "id": "3bda1d9377d94e5d84767ad48e907390", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Do you have imagination? Do you like to solve prob", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Do you have imagination? Do you like to solve problems? Can you? If so, you could be the next great inventor. \"But I'm just a kid\",you might be! Don't worry about a little thing like age. For example, one famous inventor-- Benjamin Franklin--got his start when he was only 12. At that young age, he created paddles for his hands to help him swim faster. Finally his creation led to what we know is called flippers! So you don't have to be adult to be an inventor. One thing you do need, though, is something that kids have plenty of: curiosity and imagination. Kids are known for looking at things in new and unique ways. So what should you do if you have what is a great idea for an invention? Talk to a friend or family member about it. Get input from others about your idea. Then ask them to help you create a working model--called a prototype of your idea. Once you have a prototype, you can test it. Sometimes your idea turns out to be not as great as you thought. At other times, though, you realize it is a good idea and your prototype can help you figure out how to make it even better. If your idea is really a good one, an adult can help you contact companies that might be interested in it. You will also want an adult's help to get a patent for your idea, so that it is protected and can't be stolen by someone else. If you need some inspiration, consider these kids and their inventions: Jeanie Low invented the Kiddie Stool when she was just 11. It's a folding stool that fits under the kitchen sink. Kids can unfold it and use it to reach the sink all by themselves. At the age of 15, Louis Braille invented the system named after him that allows the blind to read. Chelsea Lanmon received a patent when she was just 8 for the \"pocket diaper \",a new type of diaper that includes a pocket for holding baby wipes and powder.", "qas": [{"question": "Who invented something that helps the blind to read?", "id": "dc8353be894247c2be8e141c753eccc7", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "English is an important global language, but that ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "English is an important global language, but that doesn't mean it's easy to learn. Many experts have tried to make English easier for students to learn--but they weren't always successful. In 1930, Professor CK Ogden of Cambridge University invented Basic English. It had only 850 words (and just eighteen verbs) and Ogden said most people could learn it in just thirty hours. The problem was that people who learned Basic English could write and say simple messages, but they couldn't understand the answers in \"real\" English! It was also impossible to explain a word if it wasn't in the Basic English word list. For example, if you wanted a watermelon, you asked for \"a large green fruit with the form of an egg, which has a sweet red inside and a good taste\"! RE Zachrisson, a university professor in Sweden, decided that the biggest problem for learners of English was spelling, so he invented a language called Anglic. Anglic was similar to English, but with much simpler spelling. \"Father\" became \"faadher\", \"new\" became \"nue' and \"years\" became \"yeerz\". Unfortunately for some students of English, Anglic never became popular. Even easier is the language which ships' captains use: it's called \"Seaspeak\". Seaspeak uses a few simple phrases for every possible situation. In Seaspeak, for example, you don't say, \"I'm sorry what did you say?\" or \"I didn't understand, can you repeat that?\" It's just \"Say again.\" No more grammar! In the age of international communication through the Internet who knows? ... a new form of English might appear. A large number of the world's e-mails are in English and include examples of \"NetLingo\" like OIC (Oh, I see) and TTYL (Talk to you later). In another fifty years, English might not exist ... we will probably all speak fluent Internetish!", "qas": [{"question": "According to Professor Zachrisson, what was the biggest problem for learners of English?", "id": "87b2057bfe6249fdb3f0ff143fa9ccec", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The tradition of birthday parties started in Europ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The tradition of birthday parties started in Europe a long time ago. It was feared that evil spirits were particularly attracted to people on their birthdays. To protect them from harm, friends and family members would come to stay with the birthday person and bring good thoughts and wishes. Giving gifts brought even more good cheer to keep away from the evil spirits. This is how birthday parties began. The following are some countries' birthday traditions: Canada---Putting butter on the nose. In Atlantic Canada, the birthday child's nose is put butter on for good luck. China---Noodles for lunch. The birthday child pays respect to his / her parents and receives a gift of money. Friends and relatives are invited to lunch and noodles are served to wish the birthday child a long life. England---Money cakes. Certain symbolic objects are mixed into the birthday cake as it is being prepared. If your piece of cake has a coin in it, you will be rich. Ireland---Birthday bump . The birthday child is lifted upside down and \" bumped\" on the floor for good luck. Italy---Pulling ears. The child's ears are pulled as many times as how old he / she is turning. Japan---New clothes. The birthday child wears new clothes to mark the occasion. New Zealand---Birthday claps. After the candles are hit, the happy birthday song is sung loudly and often out of tune and then the birthday person receives a clap for each year he / she has been alive and then one for good luck. The United States---Cake, candles and the birthday song. A cake is made, and candles are put on top based on how old the person is.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the passage, in which country can the birthday children probably receive a gift of money?", "id": "79ca7dedbf474e08af74a1e18725f267", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "If you want to become a fluent English speaker you", "paragraphs": [{"context": "If you want to become a fluent English speaker you should take some advice: There are four skills in learning English. They are reading, listening, speaking, and writing. The most important thing you must remember is that if you want to improve your speaking and writing skills you should first master the skills of reading and listening. Read as much as you can. But your reading must be active. It means that you must think about the meaning of the sentence, the meanings of the unfamiliar words, etc. There is no need for you to pay much attention to grammars or try to understand all the unfamiliar words you _ , but the fact that you see them for the first time and recognize them whenever you see them, for example in other passages or books, is enough. It would be better to prepare yourself a notebook so you can write down the important words or sentences in it. As for listening, there are two choices: besides reading, you can listen every day for about 30 minutes. You can only pay attention to your reading and become skillful at your reading, then you can catch up on your listening. Since you have lots of inputs in your mind, you can easily guess what the speaker is going to say. This never means that you should not practice listening. For listening you can listen to cartoons or some movies that are specially made for children. Their languages are easy. Or if you are good at listening you can listen to VOA or BBC programs every day. Again the thing to remember is being active in listening and preferably taking some notes. If you follow these pieces of advice, your speaking and writing will improve automatically, and you can be sure that with a little effort they will become perfect.", "qas": [{"question": "According to the author, which should you improve first among the four skills?", "id": "1b1408684c80453e8e28ade1c4c25b4d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The parents of a troubled teen may feel unsure as ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The parents of a troubled teen may feel unsure as to whom to turn to in order to find help for their child. They may feel as if they have exhausted all of their options, and sometimes they are on the verge of giving up. But there is hope. Schools for troubled teens offer discipline and in some cases, drug treatment programs that can provide important life skills, and more importantly, a fresh start. The following is a list of the most effective types of schools for troubled teens. Not every facility is a match for every child, but by knowing the differences between them, parents can make a better educated decision about where to send their teenager. Boarding Schools When a child is unable to deal with the relative freedom of a standard school day, boarding schools might be a good choice. At boarding schools, the child lives in a dorm setting, where almost every minute of the day is scheduled by school administrators. Treatment Centers When a teenager has an addiction to drugs or alcohol, a residential center that specializes in young people is an outstanding way to help them break the cycle of addiction. Treatment centers feature individual and group counseling to help identify the root causes of the drug problem and help develop the life skills needed to stay clean when the program is over. Wilderness Programs Designed to help improve the discipline and self-reliance of the child, wilderness programs send kids back to nature. By placing them in a foreign and sometimes uncomfortable setting, wilderness programs hope to improve children's behavior. Programs generally include hikes, exercise programs and team building exercises. Boot Camps Boot camps are the most extreme style of school for troubled teens. These facilities are modeled after actual military boot camps, where the individual must get into shape, work as part of a team, and follow a long, hard set of rules and regulations. However, boot camps might not be the best choice for a teen with a drug addiction.", "qas": [{"question": "Who would be the intended readers of the passage?", "id": "0b08e2fd1abc46fb99f15bdc9a627569", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Summer cools down in August when the city features", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Summer cools down in August when the city features a lot of jazz to send excitement to any music fan. Beginning August 28, the city hosts a week of jazz performances in a variety of places. This year's annual Jazz Festival in Grant Park will offer a \"tribute to New Orleans\" with performers from the city, honoring the birthplace of Jazz. Jazz fans who want to be part of the week-long celebration can start with a free concert at Millennium Park's famous Pritzker Pavilion on Monday, August 28 at 6:30 pm. * Other events will include: Tuesday, August 29 -- the Jazz Institute of Chicago presents the Fourth Annual Gala Concert. Wednesday, August 30 -- Heat up Wednesday night with a ride to the best jazz hot spots and learn a bit of history of the genre with the Jazz Institute's Jazz Club Tour, which starts at 6 pm until midnight. For one low price, visit more than a dozen Jazz Clubs. The tour covers nearly every inch of Chicago. *The Chicago Jazz Festival Officially opens with a ticketed performance at the Symphony Center on Thursday, August 31. Then, the festival moves to Grant Park on Friday, September 1, for three days of free music on three stages. The event opens daily at 11 am. * Performance hours are: Jazz on Jackson Stage 12 pm -- 4:30 pm. Jazz & Heritage Family Stage 12:30 pm -- 4:30 pm. Petrillo Music Shell 5 pm -- 9:30 pm. * In addition to the music, the Chicago Jazz Festival features an art fair lying in the rose garden just south of Jackson. The fair offers all kinds of handmade crafts and artwork.", "qas": [{"question": "What is special for the Chicago Jazz Festival this year?", "id": "07cbe3f0bc034c41a1679a1536b17ab2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Nowadays they are giving homework even during the ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Nowadays they are giving homework even during the holidays and I hate that very much. But I think there is a reason for it. Homework is given so that we can remember whatever we have learnt. Regular drilling and repetition make perfect. But teachers have started to give too much homework. Anything in excess is bad. Jane What's the use of just homework without allowing children to get an insight into the subject? It just makes them bookworms but nothing else. Homework such as writing some things 5 times at home will just make them memorize things but not put them into use. I regret to say that teachers find it easy to bundle the children with homework rather than making them get interested to understand what they learn. The same trend continues even in college. I find that most of the so-called high scorers are unable to answer simple things in an interview. Sally It is OK to give homework. But it should be given less. We are spending most of our time in school and at least we must be free in our home. If you give homework, we will be very tired and we wouldn't be able to pay attention to extra-curricular activities, which in turn may affect our physical and mental health. So please give less homework to us. Johnson It is part of our work to give students homework. There will be some punishments if we won't do our work. So I have to do that though I know such a teacher is not liked by students.", "qas": [{"question": "Who thinks that too much homework may do harm to students' physical and mental health?", "id": "785e72e3b5e94fada20386ed9edf2ea0", "answers": []}, {"question": "Who thinks homework should help students learn something practical?", "id": "04bd3501d807424dab673393b24072b2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "I wish there would be a way to describe China in s", "paragraphs": [{"context": "I wish there would be a way to describe China in simple terms but that's impossible. For the most part Chinese people are friendly, easy-going and optimistic. They are curious and unusually patient and they are also the hardest-working people I have ever met. In China, family is everything. In my English classes when the students were asked what they would do if they only had a few hours to live, most students told me how they would spend their last few hours with their families and parents. Many times the subjects in the classes center on families and friends. I teach many students a year, talking to them freely. The cost of living here is very low compared with that of the US. The city of Xiang Fan I live in isn't large and I live better. Non-imported foods are very cheap, so are clothing and articles of everyday use. The cost of public transportation is very low, too. Chinese value education. However, it is reported that many children can't afford the expenses of schooling and are forced to leave school in some poor area in China. But they organized Project Hope many years age. It creates conditions for the poor children to go back to school. In my opinion, Project Hope is of great importance to the development of the rural education. When we read news of China in the west, rarely, if ever, will we see anything mentioned of the positive changes China has gone through. While it is true that economic miracles have not reached many areas of China, but we also have the same problems. When I am asked which country I consider better. China or the US, my answer has always been the same, \"We are not worse or better than each other, we are only different.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What are not cheap in China in the author's opinion?", "id": "bd42058a0bb64bff95ff98d9031c3905", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Did you know that many people today are getting ex", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Did you know that many people today are getting extra work by taking translating jobs online? It's true! And you can do it too. Many companies in the USA need translators now to translate simple documents online from Chinese to English, such as emails, website content, movie subtitles and more. Companies like Real Translator Jobs are actively seeking translators from China to fill demand. There are more translation jobs than people to complete them. This leaves a big opportunity for anyone to start doing this and earn extra money. Do you have to speak perfect English? No! Even basic knowledge of English is OK. This is really a job for anyone from China who wants to do it. We spoke to one student from Beijing, Harris, who has been doing this for 2 years now and is earning between $150 and $225 every day. He completes about 3 to 4 jobs per day which takes him about 3 hours. It's an incredible amount of money to earn on your spare time! It is great that we now live in the \"Information Age\" and opportunities like this are available to people in China to earn extra money working from home over the Internet. It's something that our parent's generation could have never imagined. This type of work is surely to do great things for young people in China. If you would also like to do this, it's easy to get started. Just follow these steps: 1. Sign up at Real Translator Jobs (where Chinese translators are needed now), or a similar service. 2. Review the job posting and complete the ones you like. 3. Get paid once per month by cheque, PayPal or bank wire transfer. I hope you enjoyed this information and good luck earning extra money online translating documents.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the best title of the passage?", "id": "ca8efda4215d406cb40ca781028955a1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "A new report says promising children money to pass", "paragraphs": [{"context": "A new report says promising children money to pass exams does not help exam grades. The report says parents could be wasting their money by using cash to get their kids to study more. However, the promise of a trip somewhere nice could encourage students to try harder and do better at school. Researchers from the University of Bristol (in England) and the University of Chicago (in the USA) looked at how promises of cash and tickets to events affected students' studying and learning. Over 10,000 pupils took part in the research throughout the year 2012. There was an improvement in classwork and homework, but this did not result in better test scores. Lead researcher Dr Simon Burgess suggested the research looked at the wrong areas. He said it had not looked at the things that really got students to increase their effort. He added that: \"Clearly, some pupils have a lot of goals and believe that education is a way of getting what they want out of life, but there are kids who think that working hard doesn't make a difference.\" He said these children think exam success is \"all in your genes\" because of their family background. Education expert Dr Kevan Collins said good teachers were better than promises of rewards to get children to study, especially for children from low-income families. He wrote: \"What really makes the difference is how students are taught.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What do some students think is because of \"your genes\"?", "id": "1dcff5600cd74c0d9fa35587074ca841", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "ABOARD XUELONG--The stranded Chinese icebreaker, X", "paragraphs": [{"context": "ABOARD XUELONG--The stranded Chinese icebreaker, Xuelong, or Snow Dragon, broke through the Antarctic's heavy ice Hoes at about 6 pm, on Tuesday, January 7th, 2014 and headed for open water, according to Xinhua Agency. After being stranded in heavy ice for five days, the ship had broken free by Tuesday evening and was making its way through lighter ice, China Central Television reported on Tuesday. The vessel, which had been conducting China's 30th Antarctic expedition before going to the aid of the Russian ship Akademik Shokalskiy, will now continue with its scheduled activities. The trapped Russian ship was also trying to free itself on Tuesday, with the favorable west wind loosening the surrounding ice, according to CCTV. A helicopter onboard Xuelong _ 52 passengers onboard Akademik Shokalskiy to an Australian vessel on Thursday. The Russian ship had been stuck in the ice for 10 days. However, Xuelong became trapped during the rescue effort, with the ice surrounding the vessel three to four meters thick, far beyond the ship's ice-breaking capability. Qu Tanzhou, director of the Chinese Arctic and Antarctic Administration under the State Oceanic Administration, told China Daily via telephone on Tuesday that Xuelong's attempts at the breakout started on Tuesday morning. \"A west wind is blowing on Tuesday, as we expected, which makes the floes and ice surrounding Xuelong more loose , creating favorable conditions for sailing on Wednesday,\" Qu said. On Tuesday morning, Xuelong broke ice for about 100 meters at a speed of 6 km per hour, but later became trapped in the broken floes, according to Xinhua. The efforts bore fruit on Tuesday afternoon with the ship sailing through the area of heavy ice. All the 101 crew members onboard are faring well, with entertainment facilities such as ping-pong tables, a gym and a library accessible. There is enough food onboard to last until April, sufficient water for a month and oil for four months, Qu said in a previous interview.", "qas": [{"question": "How long can the food on Xuelong last?", "id": "21f46c9f168540d19ddfb02ded4c9303", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The latest beliefs are that the main purposes of s", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The latest beliefs are that the main purposes of sleep are to enable the body to rest, allowing time for repairs to take place and for tissue to be regenerated . Lack of sleep, however, can compromise the immune system, cause depression and promote anxiety. For many people, lack of sleep is rarely anything of choice. Some have problems getting to sleep, others with staying asleep until the morning. Despite popular belief that sleep is one long event, research shows that, in an average night, there are five stages of sleep. In the first light stage, the heart rate and blood pressure go down and the muscles relax. In the next two stages, sleep gets progressively deeper. In stage four, usually reached after an hour, the slumber is so deep that, if awoken, the sleeper would be confused and disorientated. It is in this state that sleep-walking can occur, lasting no more than 15 minutes. In the fifth stage, the rapid eye movement (REM) stage, the eyes move constantly beneath closed lids as if the sleeper is looking at something. During this stage, the body is almost paralysed . This REM stage is also the time when we dream.[:Z#xx#k.Com] Sleeping patterns change with age. One theory for the age-related change is that it is due to hormonal changes. The temperature rise occurs at daybreak in the young, but at three or four in the morning in the elderly. Age aside, it is estimated that roughly one in three people suffer some kind of sleep disturbance. Causes can be anything from pregnancy, smoking, and stress to alcohol and heart disease. Apart from self-help therapy such as regular exercise, there are psychological treatments, including relaxation training and therapy aimed at getting rid of pre-sleep worries and anxieties. Medication is regarded by many as a last option and often takes the form of sleeping pills.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the best title of this passage?", "id": "660559f36ba94ceeaff4d44830ebbecb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The State of Rhode Island has become a popular fam", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The State of Rhode Island has become a popular family seaside destination. In addition to beach activities and water sports, kids can participate in supervised activities at cultural centres and tourist attractions around the state. The Kayak Centre of Rhode Island The Kayak Centre of Rhode Island offers Oceanplay to kids, a program for children between 9 and 14 years old. The course teaches basic kayak skills and safety protocol on the waters around historic Wickford Village. The all-day program includes games and skill-building activities at all skill levels. The package includes equipment, instructions and lunch. The Courthouse Centre for the Arts The Courthouse Centre for the Arts offers summer camp educational workshops and fine arts programs to kids who want to learn about theatre, dance, classical music and different art mediums. Kids and families can also enjoy concerts, film screenings and theatre performances. The Providence Children's Museum The Providence Children's Museum hosts daily drop-in programs for kids between 5 and 11 years of age and museum adventure classes. Kids can learn how water moves in the Water Ways exhibit, listen to music and learn about plants in the Children's Garden exhibit. The RISD Museum The RISD Museum hosts family workshops and activities for kids between 5 and 12 years of age on alternating Sunday afternoons. Kids can learn different types of art techniques and work with different mediums in a supervised setting. Families taking a self-guided tour of the museum can see exhibits.", "qas": [{"question": "What will a child interested in plants probably visit?", "id": "758afc5ab86d4119b9f4fc190169ae10", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "It's eight o'clock and the time for Morning New Hi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "It's eight o'clock and the time for Morning New Highlights . One person was killed and two were injured in a car accident just thirty minutes ago. Cause of the accident is not yet found out. A great fire swept through a storehouse next to the Fulton River early this morning, causing about $3,000,000 in damage. The fire which broke out at about 2:30 was finally put out at 5: 30. That was the Morning News Highlights, Dan Verne reporting.", "qas": [{"question": "How many pieces of news are reported in the short passage?", "id": "c20ab76acfd442c1b00f7e3ae3f5cb42", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Successful people have developed habits leading to", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Successful people have developed habits leading to success. Those are the people you want to study and follow. Do what they do. Read what they read. If they are local, see if you can take them to lunch and ask questions. If not, get a hold of some of the things they have written about or listen to them. Most successful people enjoy the opportunity to coach people along and to help them become successful. It is their way of giving back. The trouble is that most people won't ask. They come up with excuses. They say to themselves, \" I am not important enough for this person to talk to me.\" The successful people understand that life is a learning experience and it doesn't stop in school. They always strive( ,) to reach the next level. Life will always give you the results of your actions. Ask yourself what actions are you taking? What are you creating? You create what you think about. Willie Hooks calls it our h. a. b. e.'s. Our habits, attitudes, beliefs and expectations. Before starting any new habit we have to know what we want. So how do we permanently change our habits? Start your action plan. Put your plan together. What do I need to do first? Set my goals. Then next I would put a diet plan together. Then I would start an exercise program. You get the idea. Put a good solid plan together. So there it is in a nutshell. We have the power to change any bad habit that we don't like. Will it be easy? Probably not, but it might not be as hard as we think either. The hard part is to get started. Remember that these habit have been a part of us for a long time so don't expect miracles at first. Use the process described above and you cam overcome and change any habit that you want to change.", "qas": [{"question": "What does h. a. b. e's stand for?", "id": "90aa941578f14cf2998ca5c4a8d14f4e", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "My first reaction was annoyance. It was Friday aft", "paragraphs": [{"context": "My first reaction was annoyance. It was Friday afternoon, and I was within an hour of finishing my work for the week. As I was leaving, a nurse brought me one more patient message. The statement read: \"Mm. Jones called to say that she has had blurred vision ever since her medical test this morning. \" I smiled. Suddenly our tests were causing eye problems. This week my patients had questioned everything. My patient with high blood pressure had stopped coming to her treatment on the advice of an Internet chat room. A woman who had a mental problem was substituting (......) St. John' s word for her medication. Now Mrs. Jones was imagining problems. I rolled my eyes. My second reaction was worry. As I looked through her record, I tried to figure out why she would have blurred vision, but nothing in her record explained the new problem. She' s probably just anxious, I thought. Still, she wouldn't have called if she had been all right. I picked up the phone. What 1 next felt can only be described as delight. Before I made the call, the nurse ran in: Mrs. Jones called. Her vision is fine. Turns out she picked up the wrong glasses when she left the office. The X-ray technician has been having the same problem. I let out a lugh. Mrs. Jones had been right. Her vision had been blurred. Now we know why. Finally I felt shame. I came to realize what Mrs. Jones had taught me. I had first known she was wrong, that her anxiety had _ . Instead, my medical training had clouded mine. Now I feel thankful that Mrs. Jones figured it out before I made a mistake about our relationship. Patients come to me for my help. They pay me to listen, diagnose , treat and talk. That suggests trust; I must remember that, and trust them too.", "qas": [{"question": "What has caused Mrs. Jones' eye problem?", "id": "70ccb84ff276476a8d28993de765b948", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The British Museum first opened in the 18th Centur", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The British Museum first opened in the 18th Century largely based on the collections of the scientist Sir Hans Sloane. The current neoclassical building was founded nearly a century later and is quadrangular with four wings and a great classical appearance. Inside is a courtyard, the Great Court, covered with a special modern addition--a spiraling glass and steel roof which was designed by Norman Foster and completed in 2000. The courtyard surrounds the round Reading Room with a copper domed ceiling the same size as the dome of St Peter's in Rome. The museum, one of the oldest in the world, is Britain's largest museum, and widely considered to be one of the world's greatest museums of human history and culture. The permanent collection is made up of over 8 million objects spanning the history of the world's cultures from the stone tools of early man to twentieth-century prints. The collection includes controversial items including the Elgin Marbles from the Parthenon in Greece, Egyptian mummies and the Rosetta Stone. The expansion of the museum over the years has resulted in the creation of several branch institutions including the Natural History Museum in South Kensington. The British Library previously occupied the Reading Room but in 1997 moved to a new site next to St Pancras Station on Euston Road. There are frequent special exhibitions of international significance. Opening Times: The museum is open daily from 10:00 am to 5:30 pm. On Fridays it stays open until 8:30 pm. Entry to the museum is free, although a charge may be made for entry to temporary exhibitions. Address: Great Russell Street, London WC1B 3DG. Nearest Underground Station: Tottenham Court Road (5-minute walk), Russell Square (6-minute walk) and Holborn (7-minute walk).Website: http://www. britishmuseum. org/.", "qas": [{"question": "Which underground station is closest to the British Museum?", "id": "aaed10319a1841b8982a1d4e48c9caf0", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Fifteen hours is a long time to be on a plane ,but", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Fifteen hours is a long time to be on a plane ,but you know ,Africa is a long way from North America.Finally ,we're in Namibia, a country in southwest Africa.Namibia is about twice the size of California.However, it is home to just over two million people.And the country's main airport is 45 kilometres east of its capital,Windhoek. Now we are in a wildlife park.We will spend five days finding ways to protect this area's wildlife.At the moment ,my wife and our two kids are enjoying some local dishes.I'm talking with workers in this park.I'm so much looking forward to the following days ! --Thomas Yesterday morning ,I had nothing to do ,so I went to visit the Eiffel Tower,a symbol of Paris.It was my first time there,so I took a lot of photos. Finally.The big moment came! A lot of artists came to watch my show.It was a great success.After the show, I attended a big party.It was great,but i felt so sleepy after it. When I got back to my hotel, it was already 1:15am.I went to bed without washing.I just needed a good rest before my two-hour journey home by plane. --Jessica", "qas": [{"question": "How did Thomas arrive in Namibia ?", "id": "d80af73ebb4d4144aaa2e6cecc088ced", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The first field season is now over at the hut vill", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The first field season is now over at the hut village of the workmen who built the tombs in the Valley of the Kings. However, the archaeologists working on the excavation have found that they still have a great deal to do. The sun, the wind and tourists have left their mark on the village, originally discovered by Bernard Bruyere in 1935. \"From our modern perspective, it is upsetting to see how the village was first excavated and then left to be destroyed. Passers-by have used the huts as rubbish dumps and restrooms,\" says Jaana Toivari-Viitala, a teacher at the University of Helsinki. \"Fortunately, while we still have some surface cleaning to do, conservation are off to a good start.\" The hut village offers rare insight into everyday life in ancient Egypt. \"In the early twentieth century, archaeologists were only interested in the tombs of kings. The workmen's huts they discovered were seen as a necessary evil in the quest for the real treasures.\" \"Now several international research groups on different excavations are examining everyday life and work in the Valley of the Kings. This seems to be a trend in archaeology right now,\" Toivari-Viitala says. Her research group wants to find out why the hut village was built on the slope of a mountain, halfway between the construction site and Deir-el-Medina. They are also interested in how many workers lived in the village at a time, when they lived there, and what their role was in the construction work. \"Comparing the names found in the village and in Deir-el-Medina provides useful information. Judging from the construction methods, settlement in the village can be divided into two separate periods: the initial settlement and a later one.\" For the time being, much is up to guessing, but Toivari-Viitala believes that the coming four field seasons, three months each, will see results. \"The working conditions are not nearly as difficult as I thought they would be. The cool winds in the mountains nicely _ the heat.\" The research group working on the \"Workmen's huts in the Theban mountains\" project is planning to return to the Valley of the Kings in October.", "qas": [{"question": "What's the new trend in archaeology right now according to Toivari-Viitala?", "id": "be80b6f45cac4d9a8c27629e4ca46df1", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Nearly a quarter century after a German boy threw ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Nearly a quarter century after a German boy threw a message in a bottle off a ship in the Baltic Sea, he's received an answer. A 13yearold Russian, Daniil Korotkikh, was walking with his parents on a beach when he saw something lying in the sand. \"I saw that bottle and it looked interesting, \" Korotkikh told The Associated Press on Tuesday.\"It looked like a German beer bottle and there was a message inside.\" It said, \"My name is Frank, and I'm five years old.My dad and I are travelling on a ship to Denmark.If you find this letter, please write back to me, and I will write back to you.\" The letter, dated 1987, included an address in the town of Coesfeld. The boy in the letter, Frank Uesbeck, is now 29.His parents still live at the letter's address. The Russian boy and the German man met each other earlier this month through an Internet video link.The Russian boy said he did not believe that the bottle actually spent 24 years in the sea.He believed it had been hidden under the sand where he found it for a long time. Uesbeck was especially happy that he was able to have a positive effect on a life of a young person far away from Germany.\"It's really a wonderful story, \" he said.\"And who knows? Perhaps one day we will actually be able to arrange a meeting in person.\"", "qas": [{"question": "What is this passage mainly about?", "id": "6962dbcb096e42f1b9f29455d7eb91ce", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Long long ago, there was an old merchant who had t", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Long long ago, there was an old merchant who had three sons. \"To which one shall I leave my fortune?\" he wondered. \"It must be to the cleverest son. But which one is the cleverest?\" He called his three sons to him. \"Here is some money,\" he told them, \"you must each take one coin to buy something that will fill this room. Anyone who can do this shall have my fortune.\" \"It is a big room,\" said the eldest son. \"One coin will not buy very much,\" said the second son. But the youngest son said nothing. He stood and thought, and then he smiled, \"Come, brothers,\" he said, \"let us go to the market.\" The eldest son bought straw with his coin. But one coin bought only a bit of straw. Even when he had spread it as much as he could, the straw covered only a corner of the room. The second son bought sand with his coin. But one coin bought only a bit of sand. Even when he had spread it as much as he could, the sand covered only half of the floor. \"What did you buy?\" the eldest son angrily asked the youngest son. \"You don't have any straw.\" \"Yes, what did you buy?\" the second son asked angrily. \"You don't have any sand.\" \"I bought this,\" said the youngest son. \"A candle!\" cried his brothers. \"What good is a candle?\" \"Watch\", said the youngest son. He lit the candle, and all at once the room was filled from wall to wall, from ceiling to floor. It was filled with light! \"Although you are the youngest, you are indeed the cleverest of my sons,\" the old merchant said. And that is how, the old merchant left his fortune to his youngest son, the one who could fill a room with light.", "qas": [{"question": "Who would get father's fortune?", "id": "e4189803f16e44d995965bc732f5cf43", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Notting hill is a small town west of London. Here ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Notting hill is a small town west of London. Here lives shy William, a divorced man, who owns a little travel-book store. It was a Wednesday, when the poor shop keeper happened to meet Anna Scott ,a movie star who walked into his shop. They ran across each other in the street again. And they found themselves falling in love. But how could a poor man keep the love of a famous star? Their lives and their worlds were so different. Six months later, Anna was in London again for her new film. She came to William's thought ... Length :110 minutes Director:David Duning Cast:Julia Roberts(actress), Hugh Grant(actor)", "qas": [{"question": "What is the passage mainly discussing ?", "id": "a26d4de566bf4f89bc278fb70b6c8940", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "One of the biggest new bands in the UK is Arctic M", "paragraphs": [{"context": "One of the biggest new bands in the UK is Arctic Monkeys.Their first two singles went straight to Number One in the charts and their first album \"Whatever People Say I Am,That's what I'm No\" has become a recordbreaking album.It's the fastest selling debut album in UK chart history. Arctic Monkeys are famous because of their great success.They achieved their success thanks to the Internet.Usually a new band signs to a record company and then it is through marketing that people buy their singles.The single sales then get the band into the charts and they become popular that way. However,Arctic Monkeys became wellknown in a slightly different way.Back in 2003 when the band first started,they handed out CDs at their performing concert.Certain fans liked the music so much that they put the music up on the Web.The general public had access to this music because it was on the Internet and,because people liked the music,the band's popularity increased.The band's popularity was starting to get noticed by major radio stations in the UK. Arctic Monkeys released their first single in October 2005.Before that,their music had only been available to download on the Internet.When they did finally release a single and an album,they both rose to the top of the charts. Music fans welcome the use of the Internet this way--Arctic Monkeys became popular simply because people liked their music when they heard it.There were no ads.As music downloads continue to increase in popularity,we can expect to see more and more bands make it big in this way.", "qas": [{"question": "Why did Arctic Monkeys become popular?", "id": "bef6b43db08b42b4b27d3d24fb80cdda", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The holidays are a time to give. These charities--", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The holidays are a time to give. These charities---and many more--are looking for volunteers and donations. World Wildlife Fund The World Wildlife Fund is helping to protect endangered species through the Symbolic Species Adoption program. Those who \"adopt\" an animal will receive an adoption certificate and a photo of their species. Anyone can support endangered species year round by buying WWF apparel . worldwildlife. Org/giving DoSomething. org This month, Dosomething. org launched their holiday campaign, \"Grandparents Gone Wired\". The goal of the campaign is to make it easier for senior citizens to keep in touch with their loved ones using the Internet. Teens can volunteer to help seniors in their community. Volunteers are able to win prizes and scholarships. dosomething. org/grandparents Coins for Change Disney's Club Penguin, a virtual gaming site for kids, launched its annual Coins for Change campaign this month. From Dec. 15 to Dec. 27, Club Penguin players can donate virtual coins to real-world causes. If players reach the donation goal, Club Penguin will donate $2 million to charity projects. clubpenguin.com. Toys for Tots Each year, the U.S. Marine Corps Toys Program collects new, unwrapped toys for the holidays. Communities across the nation host Toys for Tots drives around the holiday season. The toys collected are given as gifts to needy children so they can experience the joy of Christmas. toyfortots.org American Red Cross All you need is a pen and a piece of paper. The American Red Cross Holiday Mail Heroes Program is collecting handwritten card to send to members of the U.S. Armed Forces during the holidays. The charity has also set up a Holiday Giving Catalog where you can buy personal gifts, such as babysitting lessons. redcross.org The Warm Coats & Warm Hearts Drive The Warm Coats & Warm Hearts Drive is a non-profit organization sponsored by ABC's Good Morning America and Burlington Coat Factory. During the holiday season Burlington stores collect gently worn coats. The donated coats are given to people in need to keep warm during the winter. onewarmcoat.org", "qas": [{"question": "David, 8, is fond of playing virtual games. Which charity should he attend?", "id": "7d1440acc9bc44c18311ac64c902c381", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Recently I overheard a father and daughter in thei", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Recently I overheard a father and daughter in their last moments together at the airport. The airline had announced her departure and standing near the security gate,they hugged and he said,\"I love you. I wish you enough\" She in turn said,\"Dad,our life together has been more than enough. Your love is a11 I ever needed. I wish you enough,too,Dad. \"They kissed and she left He walked over toward the window where I was seated Standing there I could see he wanted and needed to cry. I tried not to disturb his privacy, but he welcomed me in by asking,\"Did you ever say good--bye to someone knowing it would be forever?'' \"Yes,I have. \"I replied\"Forgive me for asking, but why is this a forever good-bye?\"\"I'm old and she lives much too far away I have challenges ahead,and the reality is,the next trip back will be for my funeral. \"He said. \"When you were saying good-bye 1 heard you say,'1 wish you enough. 'm ay I ask what that means?\" He began to smile. \"That's a wish that has been handed down for many generations within my family. My parents used to say it to everyone. \" He paused for a moment,looking up as if trying to remember it in detail,and then he smiled even more\"When we said'I wish you enough',we were wanting the other person to have a life filled with just enough good things to sustain(...)them. ,,He continued and then turning toward me be shared the following: \"I wish you enough sun to keep your attitude bright. I wish you enough rain to appreciate the sun more. I wish you enough happiness to keep your spirit alive. I wish you enough pain so that the smallest joys in life appear much bigger. I wish you enough gain to satisfy your wanting. I wish you enough loss to appreciate a11 that you possess I wish you enough 'Hellos' to get you enough the final 'Good--byes'\" Then he walked away. I WISH YOU ENOUGH !", "qas": [{"question": "Which is probably the best title of this story?", "id": "72e8e4e4595a48ca81b2993710081e69", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The London Marathon celebrates its 32nd birthday. ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The London Marathon celebrates its 32nd birthday. That is 32 years of stresses and anxieties, blisters and painful knees, and tales that are hard to believe. Somehow, I've managed to run four of _ . And I have medals to prove it. It seemed like a good idea at the time. I watched the first London Marathon on March 29th, 1981. It seemed extraordinary that normal people would want to run 26 miles and 385 yards. And, it must be said that they looked strange and not quite steady at the end of it all. There are, indeed, terrible tales of people losing consciousness when they reach the finishing line. But it drew all my attention. I knew I had to do it. Three years later I was living in London, not far from Greenwich where the event begins, and it seemed the perfect opportunity to give it a go. I was only a short train ride from the starting line, but more than 26 miles from the finish. \"Who cares?\" I thought. By the end I did. The moment I crossed that finishing line and had that medal placed around my neck was one of the finest in my life. The sense of achievement was great. Knowing that I'd run a Marathon felt extremely good. London provides one of the easiest of all the officially approved marathons because most of its course is flat. Yes, there are the cobblestones while running through the Tower of London, and there are the quiet patches where crowds are thin and you are crying out for some encouragement -- those things matter to the \"fun\" runners like myself, but the serious runners don't think of such things. Since 1981,almost half a million people have completed the London Marathon, raising more than $ 125 million for charity. For the majority of the runners, this is what it is all about. It is for charity, for fun, for self-development. I have always loved it. It's crazy, and it's one of the greatest things I've ever done. If you want to feel as though you've achieved something, run a marathon.", "qas": [{"question": "From what place does the London Marathon start?", "id": "eae0ae34377f4604b254baf6e6a30097", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Boiler rooms are often dirty and steamy,but this o", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Boiler rooms are often dirty and steamy,but this one is clean and cool.Fox Point is a very new 47unit living building in South Bronx,one of the city's poorest areas.Twothirds of the people living there are formerly homeless people,whose rent is paid by the government.The rest are lowincome families.The boiler room has special equipment,which produces energy for electricity and heat.It reuses heat that would otherwise be lost to the air,reducing carbon emissions while also cutting costs. Fox Point is operated by Palladia,a group that specializes in providing housing and services to needy people.Palladia received support from Enterprise Community Partners (ECP),which helps build affordable housing by providing support to housing developers. ECP has created national standards for healthy,environmentally clever and affordable homes which are called the Green Communities Standards.These standards include water keeping,energy saving and the use of environmentally friendly building materials.Meeting the standards increases housing construction costs by 2%,which is rapidly paid back by lower running costs.Even the positioning of a window to get most daylight can help save energy. Michael Bloomberg,New York's mayor,plans to create 165,000 affordable housing units for 500,000 New Yorkers.Almost 80% of New York City's greenhouse gas emissions come from buildings,and 40% of those are caused by housing.So he recently announced that the city's Department of Housing and Preservation and Development (DHPD),whose duty is to develop and keep the city's supply of affordable housing,will require all its new projects to follow ECP's green standards. Similar measures have been taken by other cities,such as Cleveland and Denver,but New York's DHPD is the largest city developer of affordable housing in the country.(2010*,B)", "qas": [{"question": "What is an advantage of the buildings meeting the Green Communities Standards?", "id": "9dee73180ec540d4b4f2f1c07f348558", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Children who see their parents drunk are twice lik", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Children who see their parents drunk are twice likely to get drunk themselves, a survey of young teenagers has suggested. Poor parental supervision also raises the chances of teenage drinking, said the Joesph Rowntree Foundation. If parents don't know where their children are on a Saturday night, or let them watch films of violence, they are more likely to have had an alcoholic drink. The survey also found the behavior of friends is also a powerful factor in drinking habits. The more time teenagers spend with friends, the more likely they are to drink alcohol. In this survey of 5,700 children aged 13 to 16, carried out by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, researchers found that one in five wanted to have a drink by the time they were 14. By the age of 16, half of those questioned said they had been drunk. Pamela Bremner, scientist of the survey, said, \"For the first time in the UK, this study shows what most influences young people's drinking behavior.\" \"It found that the behavior of friends and family is the most common influential factor in determining how likely and how often a young person will drink alcohol.\" Don Shenker, Chief Executive of Alcohol Concern, said, \"Government ministers must also look at some of the causes of why it is so easy for children to get alcohol, usually from the home.\" \"Governments should look to see if they've done everything they can to help the large supermarkets from continuing to sell cheap alcohol which encourages more alcohol sales and therefore results in more alcohol being stored in the home.\" The Royal College of Physicians also said it was not surprising that being able to get alcohol easily was an important factor on current drinking problems and drunkenness of teenagers. A statement said, \"This shows that the government needs to focus more attention on increasing the price of alcohol, and increasing education and national campaigns for both young people and their families on the dangers of alcohol.\"", "qas": [{"question": "Who should be responsible for the fact that some teenagers formed the habit of drinking besides their parents and friends, according to Don Shenker?", "id": "ac00b3af5de04ed6bd3d599583b72960", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "The Outdoor Centre Opening times Water sports: 10 ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "The Outdoor Centre Opening times Water sports: 10 a.m. -- 6 p.m. Play Park: 10 a.m. -- 5:30 p.m. Windsurfing -- One-day course Beginner windsurfing courses are offered on Saturdays and Sundays when the weather is good enough. Learning to windsurf is a lot of fun. The excitement when you sail across the water for the first time is not easily forgotten. Boards with small sails are available for beginners. Course fee: PS32 for adults; PS16 for children under 16 (this includes all equipment) One-day adventure course This is the opportunity you have been waiting for. Come and try sailing, climbing, surfing and archery . This course is intended to introduce outdoor activities to adults in a fun and leisurely manner. You do not need to be very fit or to have previous experience with the activities. All you need is to be interested. Course fee: PS22.50 Play Park The Play Park is suitable for children from two to ten years of age. It is one of the best of its type in the country. It has sand and water playgrounds, slides, large pool balls, a play castle and much, much more. Next year the center will open Play Palace and Play Ship. Summer adventure holidays Sailing, Climbing, Windsurfing, Fun Games Fee: PS50 for adults; PS30 for children under 16 Statement: Safety is of primary importance at the Outdoor Center. All staff members are fully trained in first aid, and qualified to teach the activities on offer. We also make sure that all children only take part in activities that are suitable for their ages and physical abilities. For this programme children must be able to swim 25 metres and be in good physical health.", "qas": [{"question": "Of the four programs, which one is open only on weekends?", "id": "331fc381ca7b4e349ba40f2deb9ae0cd", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Does everyone want a challenging job? In spite of ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Does everyone want a challenging job? In spite of all the attention focused by the media, academicians, and social scientists on human potential and the needs of individuals, there is no evidence to support that the vast majority of workers want challenging jobs. Some individuals prefer highly complex and challenging jobs; others develop in simple, routine work. The individual-difference variable that seems to gain the greatest support for explaining who prefers a challenging job and who doesn't is the strength of an individual's needs for personal growth and self-direction at work. Individuals with these higher-order growth needs are more responsive for challenging work. What percentage of ordinary workers actually desire higher-order need satisfactions and will respond positively to challenging jobs? No current data is available, but a study from the 1970s estimated the figure at about 15%. Even after adjusting for changing work attitudes and the growth in white-collar jobs, it seems unlikely that the number today exceeds 40%. The strongest voice advocating challenging jobs has not been workers--it's been professors, social science researchers, and media people. Professors, researchers, and journalists undoubtedly made their career choices, to some degree, because they wanted jobs that gave them autonomy, recognition and challenge. That, of course, is their choice. But for them, to force their needs onto the workforce in general is presumptuous . Not every employee is looking for a challenging job. Many workers meet their higher-order need off the job. There are 168 hours in every individual's week. Work rarely consumes more than 30% of this time. That leaves considerable opportunities, even for individuals with strong growth needs, to find higher-order need satisfaction outside the workplace. So don't feel you have a responsibility to create challenging jobs for all your employees. For many people, work is something that will never excite or challenge them. And they don't expect to find their growth opportunities at work. Work is merely something they have to do to pay their bills. They can find challenges outside of work on the golf course, fishing, at their local pub, with their friends in social clubs, with their family, and the like.", "qas": [{"question": "What makes people choose challenging jobs?", "id": "25f1c8e5e4f94643b0353ab5c543394c", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Welcome to WeKnowDiets.com. We have compiled the m", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Welcome to WeKnowDiets.com. We have compiled the most comprehensive database of information for people who are looking for a trimmer body and healthier lifestyle. There are now thousands of Weight-Loss Products and Diet Programs available to choose from-that can be a little confusing. Our goal is to give you a quick snapshot of what options are available to you. We will inform you of the hottest new ingredients and which products and programs bring you the most quality and best results. The most popular ones NuPhedrine-burn 500 more calories per day NuPhedrine is probably one of the best weight-loss pills ever made. What is so impressive about this pill is that the makers can honestly say that you WILL burn at least 500 more calories per day just by taking NuPhedrine. _ Miracle Fat Burning Cream Imagine being able to target your problem areas for rapid results. Now you can do just that. We have found that Miracle Fat Burning Cream is clinically proven to burn fat and it uses a patented delivery technology that works immediately. _ Alli Diet Pill This diet pill, claims to provide weight loss that \"won't be easy\". This product does not seem to promise particularly fast results, and instead emphasizes gradual weight loss. The accompanying book is intended to act as a companion to the weight-loss product. _ Bikini Boot Camp-14 days for a bikini body It is a customized back-to-basics system, which, regardless of its name, is actually about putting \"fun\" back into exercise while eating in a balanced way. The developers of this diet system make it accessible to everyone by bringing it into people's homes-in both a book and an online-based plan. _", "qas": [{"question": "Which of the follwing is produced in the form of thick liquid?", "id": "57139961008d4b198cdbd320fe497ca2", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "4-Day Classic Beijing Tour The 4-day classic Beiji", "paragraphs": [{"context": "4-Day Classic Beijing Tour The 4-day classic Beijing tour is designed for tourists who come to visit China for the first time. It covers the most popular and typical places in Beijing, fully displaying the scenery, culture, history, local lifestyles and features, food and drinks, business, etc. for you. Day 1:Arrival in Beijing Your guide meets you at Capital Airport, and helps you check in at your hotel. Enjoy Beijing Duck as welcome dinner. Accommodation: Beijing downtown Day 2:The Great Wall & the Summer Palace Start your day at the most famous part of the Great Wall, the Badaling Great Wall. Leave the downtown for the Great Wall at 8 am. Since it is a long drive to the Great Wall (about 2 hours' riding) have a break at the Jade Museum on the way. Lunch will be enjoyed in a local restaurant. In the early afternoon come back to the city and have a sightseeing tour of the Summer Palace. Recommended Activity: Beijing Opera Show (Liyuan Theatre, 19:30-21: 10 every evening) Accommodation: Beijing downtown Day 3:Beijing city sightseeing & Local experience Your guide meets you at the hotel at 8 am and set out for the day's touring: Tian'anmen Square and the Forbidden City. After visiting the two sites, have a break and get ready for lunch. Hutong visit: see some traditional arts of the old Beijing, such as paper cutting and kite making, and visit a local family. Accommodation: Beijing downtown Day 4:Beijing Olympic sites Visit the Olympic sites: Bird's Nest, Water Cube and Olympic Park, witnessing the fast developing modern China. Enjoy some free time after visiting the sites. After lunch, it is shopping time and then the tour is over.", "qas": [{"question": "What does this tour company think can show Beijing is a fast developing modern city?", "id": "ae482cb3e9004108ba744389c8aa0b00", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "There were three brothers. They each decided to fi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "There were three brothers. They each decided to find a precious treasure and meet a year later. One year later, the three brothers gathered again. They each _ the treasure they had. The oldest brother brought a telescope. \"I found a telescope which can see far away.\" The second brother brought a flying carpet.\" I found a flying carpet that can be anywhere.\" The third brother said.\" I found an apple that cures all diseases.\" The brothers were amazed at the treasures they found. \"Let's see what we can do with our treasures now.\" The brothers all nodded. The oldest brother looked through his telescope and saw a palace in the distance. A princess was lying in bed sick. The second opened his carpet and said. \"Let's ride this carpet and go to the palace.\" The three brothers went to the palace on the flying carpet to save the sick princess. The three brothers met the king and told him why they had come. The king said. \"If you cure the princess, I will let one of you marry the princess.\" The youngest brother gave the princess the apple he found. The princess had been sick for a long time, but with one bite of the apple, she was cured. The king hugged the princess with joy. \"Okay, as promised, one of you can marry the princess.\" The brothers each wanted the other to marry the princess. No matter how pretty and princess was, the brothers thought their loyalty was more important. The king was moved and gave them gold and silver and high positions. The three brothers lived happily ever after.", "qas": [{"question": "Who saved the princess?", "id": "25c118b62fc44a40b26bd7c996f3daef", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Most people think the first pies were made by earl", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Most people think the first pies were made by early Romans. They may have learned about pie making from the Greeks. These pies were sometimes made in\"reeds \", which were used for the purpose of holding the filling ( ), and were not eaten. The Romans spread the word about pies around Europe and the word\"pie\"became a popular word in the 14th century. The first pie recipe was also published by the Romans. Pies first appeared in England as early as the twelfth century. The early pies were mostly meat pies. There was actually more crust than filling. Often these pies were made from fowl ( ) and the fowl's legs were left to hang over the side of the dish and used as handles. Fruit pies were probably first made in the 1500s. It is said that Queen Elizabeth I made the first cherry pie. Pie came to America with the first English settlers. The early settlers cooked their pies in long narrow pans. As in the Roman times, the early American pie crusts were often not eaten, but simply used to hold the filling during baking(@&*). Over the years, pie has become what it is today --- \"the most traditional American dessert\". Pie has become so much a part of American culture that we now often use the phrase \"as American as apple pie\".", "qas": [{"question": "Which people might probably first grasp the skill to make pies?", "id": "6439717654cb4084ad3c68361f83734a", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Soccer star David Beckham will be there with his p", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Soccer star David Beckham will be there with his pop star wife Victoria. Elton John is attending with partner David Furnish. The guest list for the April 29 union of Prince William and Kate Middleton is still being kept secret, but details have begun to leak out, with some coming forward to say they are attending and the Mail on Sunday newspaper claiming to have the official invitation roster . The palace dismissed the newspaper's list as speculation Sunday. It won't be clear until the day how the royal couple has balanced the protocol demands that they invite statesmen, diplomats, religious leaders, politicians and the like with invitations to the people they really want to see, particularly the crowd they made friends with when they met and fell in love at St. Andrews University in Scotland. Kate Reardon, editor of high-society magazine Tatler, said many _ Britons acted as if they didn't really care about receiving an invitation while secretly checking the mail every day to see if the invitation had arrived. \"Everyone's been hoping,\" she said. William and Middleton have showed their modern side by inviting a number of close friends, including some former sweethearts, the newspaper said. The wedding is not technically a state event, which somewhat limits the protocol requirements applied to the guest list. But royal obligations still order that a large number of the 1,900 or so seats go to guests from the world of politics, not actual friends of the couple. The couple have also invited many guests from the charities they work with, and Middleton has used her influence to invite the butcher, shopkeeper and pub owner from her home village of Bucklebury. President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle were not invited and many other international leaders are also expected to be watching on TV, not from a seat at Westminster Abbey. It is not clear if treasured Brits from the world of stage and screen and pop music will be on the list.", "qas": [{"question": "Who were not invited to Prince William and Kate Middleton's wedding?", "id": "3768d678e39c4d90bbb2491faed06a5d", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "People in the United States honor their parents wi", "paragraphs": [{"context": "People in the United States honor their parents with two special days: Mother's Day, on the second Sunday in May, and Father's Day, on the third Sunday in June. Mother's Day was proclaimed a day for national observance by President Woodrow Wilson in 1915. Ann Jarvis from Grafton, West Virginia, had started the idea to have a day to honor mothers. She was the one who chose the second Sunday in May and also began the custom of wearing a carnation. In 1909, Mrs. Dodd from Spokane, Washington, thought of the idea of a day to honor fathers. She wanted to honor her own father, William Smart. After her mother died, he had the responsibility of raising a family of five sons and a daughter. In 1910, the first Father's Day was observed in Spokane. Senator Margaret Chase Smith helped to establish Father's Day as a national commemorative day, in 1972. These days are set aside to show love and respect for parents. They raise their children and educate them to be responsible citizens. They give love and care. These two special days are celebrated in many different ways. On Mother's Day people wear carnations. A red one symbolizes a living mother. A white one shows that the mother is dead.Many people attend religious services to honor parents. It is also a day when people whose parents are dead visit the cemetery. On these days families get together at home, as well as in restaurants. They often have outdoor barbecues for Father's Day. These are days of fun and good feelings and memories.", "qas": [{"question": "Who plays the most important role in Father's Day becoming a national commemorative day?", "id": "044826bd33e043c796b686f2a9924271", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "If prefix = st1 /U.S.software companies don't pay ", "paragraphs": [{"context": "If prefix = st1 /U.S.software companies don't pay more attention to quality, they could kiss their business good-bye. BothIndiaandBrazilare developing a world-class software industry. Their weapon is quality and one of their jobs is to attract the topU.S.quality specialists whose voices are not listened to in their country. Already, of the world's 12 software houses that have earned the highest rating in the world, seven are in India. That's largely because they have used new methods rejected by American software specialists. For example, for decades, quality specialists, W. Edwards Deming and J. M. Juran had urgedU.S.software companies to change their attitudes to quality. But their quality call mainly fell on deaf ears in the U.S -- but not in Japan. By the 1970s and 1980s,Japanwas grabbing market share with better, cheaper products. They used Deming's and Juran's ideas to bring down the cost of good quality to as little as 5% of total production costs. InU.S.factories, the cost of quality then was 10 times as high: 50%. In software, it still is. Watts S. Humphrey spent 27 years at IBM heading up software production and then quality assurance. But his advice was seldom paid attention to. He retired from IBM in 1986. In 1987, he worked out a system for assessing(evaluating) and improving software quality. It has proved its value time and again. For example, in 1990 the cost of quality at Raytheon Electronics Systems was almost 60% of total software production costs. It fell to 15% in 1996 and has since further dropped to below 10%. Like Deming and Juran, Humphrey seems to be winning more praises overseas than at home. The Indian government and several companies have just founded the Watts Humphrey Software Quality Institute at the Software Technology Park in Chennai,India. Let's hope thatU.S.lead in software will not be eaten up by its quality problems.", "qas": [{"question": "What country has more highest-rating companies in the world than any other country has?", "id": "0cb34c55f1df4632ab8f234f10ac9afc", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "What could make Michael Jordon, one of the greates", "paragraphs": [{"context": "What could make Michael Jordon, one of the greatest basketball players in history, shed tears? It was when he became a member of the Basketball Hall of Fame on September 11. The hall is in Springfield, Massachusetts and honors the best basketball players, greatest coaches and other contributors to the game. \"The game of basketball has been everything to me ,\" said Jordan, 46. \"It is the place I have always gone when I needed to find comfort and peace.\" Jordan retired twice in his 15-year career, finishing with 32292 points, the third highest total points in NBA history behind Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Karl Malone. His average of 30.12 points a game is the best in the League. \"One day you might look up and see me playing the game at 50,\" Jordan said. \"Because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.\" In other words, it was motivation that made Jordan such a success.. A great career did not mean a smooth one. His high school coach cut him from the team in favor of a taller player when Jordan was in 10thgrade. His college coach wouldn't allow him on the cover of Sports Illustration in 1981 with North Carolina's four other players because Jordan was a freshman. In his first NBA All-Star game, older NBA stars wouldn't throw him the ball because of jealousy. \"That burned me up,\" Jordan said. \"But _ don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.\"", "qas": [{"question": "Who scored the highest total points in NBA history?", "id": "8f4f001af2ff4d85b85d509fc125c8bb", "answers": []}]}]}, {"title": "Once upon a time there was a crook who only though", "paragraphs": [{"context": "Once upon a time there was a crook who only thought about how to get money. What he hated most was when people were polite to each other, saying things like \"please\", \"thank you\", and \"don't mention it\". The crook thought all those kinds of words were a waste, so he spent a lot of time inventing a machine which could steal words. With this machine, he planned to steal \"please\", \"thank you\", \"don't mention it\", and similar words people used to be polite. After he stole these words, he intended to take them apart and sell the letters to book publishers. After he started up his machine, people would open their mouths, intending to say kind and polite things, but nothing came out. All those words ended up inside the big machine. The crook was happy with his success, but he didn't count on a couple of very special little girls. Those girls were deaf, and had to communicate with sign language. Because the machine couldn't steal gestures, these girls continued being kind and polite. Soon they realized what had been happening to everyone else, and they found out about the crook and his plan. The girls followed him and found the machine busy separating all the words into letters. They approached the machine and started being polite to each other. Try as it might, the machine couldn't steal those words, and it started to suffer a power overload . Finally, it exploded, sending all the letters it had gathered flying into the sky. These letters started coming down, like rain, and most ended up in the sea. After that, everyone could be polite again. Seeing all those letters fall into the sea, those little girls had an idea. A little while later they opened a factory, making alphabetic spaghetti soup!", "qas": [{"question": "Why did the machine have no effect on the two girls?", "id": "4240bd70b8e3457fbee4ec8b0debdb49", "answers": []}]}]}], "version": "1.1"}